Mu Xinping	Why hasn't your brother come out yet?

Zheng Rui	Xiaoyi!

Zheng Yi	Xiaorui, Mom.

Zheng Rui	Xiaoyi, I missed you so!

Zheng Yi	I missed you too!

Mu Xinping	Son.

Zheng Yi	Mom.

Zheng Yi	Were you getting anxious waiting?

Mu Xinping	That goes without saying! Are you tired, son?

Zheng Yi	Not at all.

Zheng Yi	So, mom, how have you been?

Mu Xinping	Pretty good, see how fit I am.

Zheng Yi	Eh, how's dad?

Zheng Rui	He's got things to do. He couldn't come to pick you up.

Mu Xinping	Last night, your dad said he was going to pick you up today. But he had to go to his office after getting a call early this morning.

Mu Xinping	Your dad is so busy every day!

Zheng Yi	That's right.

Zheng Rui	Xiaoyi, our cousins are waiting for you at home.

Zheng Yi	Really? I haven't seen them for several years. I miss them so much.

Uncle	Xiaoyi hasn't been home for a few years, right?

Zheng Weiguo	Four years already.

Uncle	Four years! Oh, my goodness …

Zheng Weiguo	When his mom heard that, she couldn't wait to greet him …

Aunt	Xiaoli, Xiaotao, stop watching! Come give me a hand.

Xiaoli	Coming.

Aunt	Your brother is coming home in a moment and you're still playing, such babies …  

Xiaoli	Eh, Xiaotao.

Xiaotao	Yes.

Xiaoli	Cousin says that our brother isn't returning to work in America after coming back this time. 

Xiaotao	That's a pity, our brother has worked for a famous company in the United States …

Zheng Rui	We're back!

Xiaotao	Xiaoyi.

Xiaotao	Xiaoyi's back!

Xiaoli	Xiaoyi's back!

Zheng Yi	Xiaotao.

Zheng Yi	Wow! Haven't seen you for just a few years and you are so strong now!

Xiaoli	Xiaoyi! Oh, great designer! Mom, come!

Zheng Yi	Auntie!

Aunt	You're back!

Aunt	Oh, it's been four years already! I missed you so much!

Zheng Yi	I missed you too!

Aunt	I missed you even in my dreams!

Xiaoli	My mom missed you so much!

Zheng Weiguo	Son!

Zheng Yi	Dad! I'm back!

Zheng Weiguo	Are you tired?

Zheng Yi	I'm fine. I am not tired.

Zheng Yi	Uncle, is it well with you?

Uncle/Zheng Weiguo/Xiaoli/Aunt/Zheng Yi	(excited walla until 00:03:13:08)

Zheng Yi	Here, here, open this up and dig in.

Zheng Yi	Wow! It smells so good!

Zheng Rui	This is the free-range chicken auntie specially bought from the country for you.

Xiaoli	The free-range chicken really tastes good!

Zheng Yi	Thanks, auntie!

Aunt	I hope you like it!

Mu Xinping	Come, come, let's eat …

Zheng Weiguo	Today,

Zheng Weiguo	Xiaoyi has come back from abroad. We haven't been together like this for years.

Xiaoli/Mu Xinping/Zheng Rui/Aunt	Yeah!

Zheng Weiguo	We really have to celebrate it today!

Zheng Rui/Xiaoli/Mu Xinping/Aunt	Great!

Zheng Rui	Let me say a few words first!

Xiaoli	Oh, the great journalist is going to make a speech.

Zheng Rui	It is a happy occasion for our family today!

Zheng Rui	The whole family gathers together to wish my brother a successful career.

Zheng Rui/Xiaoli/Mu Xinping/Aunt/Xiaotao/Zheng Weiguo/Uncle	Great!

Zheng Rui	Hey, I haven't finished, I'm not done yet.

Zheng Rui	I wish our family stays happily together, always!

Zheng Yi/Mu Xinping/Aunt/Xiaotao/Uncle	Great!

Xiaoli	Great! I also want to say a few words.

Xiaoli	Xiaoyi, I wish you a great future, a prosperous career!

Xiaoli	I propose a toast to you.

Zheng Rui/Xiaoli/Mu Xinping/Aunt/Xiaotao/Zheng Weiguo/Uncle/Zheng Yi	Cheers!

Aunt	Now that you're back, Xiaoyi, the sky is the limit! Aunt is just waiting to share your success!

Zheng Yi	Rest assured, auntie.

Mu Xinping	Oh! He will take good care of you.

Zheng Yi	Right, auntie.

Xiaoli	Hey, Xiaoyi, this time you really don't plan to go back to work in the United States?

Zheng Yi	Yes?

Zheng Yi	Oh, I've already quit my job there.

Zheng Yi	Before returning to China, I had already applied for a good job with the Provincial Design Institute.

Zheng Yi	I don't plan to go abroad again.

Aunt	Weiguo, Xinping, Xiaoyi and Xiaorui,

Aunt	these two kids, one is a foreign-graduate architect, the other a newspaper reporter.

Aunt	These two kids are so outstanding, so ambitious!

Aunt	You can count on them for a happy future …

Aunt	The two of you should learn from your cousins.

Xiaoli	I hear you, mom.

Mu Xinping	Come, everyone, help yourself …

Congreation	(excited walla until 00:06:43:10)

Zheng Weiguo	Come, everyone, help yourself …

Zheng Weiguo	Well, make arrangement as I said. We'll talk about the rest tomorrow.

Mu Xinping	Come … don't just talk, let's eat …

Zheng Yi	Dad, you look tired. Are you working too hard?

Zheng Weiguo	Oh, it's my mind that is exhausted.

Zheng Weiguo	I don't have much authority as minister at the United Front, but the pressures keep mounting.

Zheng Weiguo	The biggest headache for the government now is that the world is trending toward democracy and freedom.

Zheng Weiguo	The Communist Party is in power in fewer and fewer countries, and those countries under one-party rule have become increasingly isolated.

Zheng Weiguo	The Communist Party is facing an unprecedented crisis of governance!

Zheng Weiguo	People nowadays are less interested in Marxism–Leninism and communism.

Zheng Weiguo	More and more people are believing in God.

Zheng Weiguo	The biggest headache for the government is the emergence of Eastern Lightning.

Zheng Weiguo	The central leadership is losing sleep over the rapid development of The Church of Almighty God.

Zheng Weiguo	These years,

Zheng Weiguo	the government has been doing its utmost to suppress and ban Eastern Lightning, The Church of Almighty God. 

Zheng Weiguo	It didn't expect The Church of Almighty God to be more and more prosperous.

Zheng Weiguo	This is the greatest headache for the central leadership.

Zheng Weiguo	Let's talk over there.

Zheng Rui	You can't trust the newspapers.

Zheng Rui	I forgot who said it … Everything you read in the papers these days is a lie.

Zheng Rui	Only …

Xiaoli	Oh, only the date is real.

Zheng Rui	Right.

Zheng Rui	Hey, Xiaoyi, what are you talking about with dad?

Zheng Yi	Something about religion.

Uncle	Religion?

Zheng Yi	Uh-huh.

Zheng Yi	When I was studying and working abroad in the past few years,

Zheng Yi	I noticed that freedom of religion is practiced in every democratic country.

Zheng Yi	Only those countries under communist party rule do not have freedom of religion.

Zheng Yi	It is said that 80% of the entire human population is religious.

Zheng Yi	Most people in the world recognize the existence of God. Only a minority denies it. 

Zheng Yi	So I have been pondering, why do democratic countries enjoy better social order? 

Zheng Yi	Their government officials interact freely with the people. They don't need massive numbers of escort vehicles and bodyguards.
Zheng Yi	Now I understand it. The crime rates are relatively lower in religious countries.

Zheng Yi	Why is there so much chaos in the Chinese society? Why is the crime rate so high?

Xiaotao	Why?

Zheng Yi	It has a lot to do with its lack of religious belief.

Zheng Yi	Mom, let me.

Mu Xinping	OK.

Zheng Yi	People without religion feel empty at heart.

Zheng Yi	Most importantly, it is due to the lack of direction and purpose in life.

Zheng Yi	They don't even have a bottom line in life.

Zheng Yi	Their belief is simply this:

Zheng Yi	"Every man for himself and the devil take the hindmost." "Man will do anything to get rich."

Zheng Yi	When the Chinese people are all looking for money and living for money, how can they not be selfish, contemptible and lawless?

Zheng Yi	So, it is easier for non-religious people to do evil.

Zheng Yi	Those who are utterly devoid of conscience and scruple are invariably people without true faith.

Zheng Yi	Just as the Bible says, "The fool has said in his heart, There is no God.

Zheng Yi	Corrupt are they, and have done abominable iniquity: there is none that does good"

Zheng Yi	(Psalm 53:1).

Zheng Yi	Why is the Chinese society so dark and chaotic?

Xiaoli	Yes, why?

Zheng Yi	This is directly related to the atheist Communist Party in power!

Zheng Rui	That's right.

Zheng Yi	After years of indoctrination by the Communist Party,  

Zheng Yi	the concepts of atheism and evolutionism have been ingrained in the minds of the Chinese people,

Zheng Yi	causing them to deny and resist God.

Zheng Yi	Can such a country and people not be cursed by God? 

Zheng Yi	So China is plagued by incessant disasters and misfortunes, and it is falling into deepening turmoils.

Zheng Yi	I think that the reign of the Communist Party is the reign of Satan.

Zheng Yi	The teaching of the Communist Party is the teaching of Satan, which means Satan is corrupting mankind!

Zheng Yi	I hope I'm not speaking out of turn.

Aunt	Ah, what Xiaoyi says makes a lot of sense. Having a religious belief is much different from not having one.

Aunt	After studying abroad for these years, Xiaoyi has really learned a lot and made his mark.

Aunt	Weiguo, Xinping. Xiaoyi and Xiaorui all believe in the Lord. This is a good thing.

Aunt	You do not have to worry about them going astray.

Zheng Rui	Auntie, why not let Xiaotao and Xiaoli believe in the Lord with us?

Xiaoli/Xiaotao/	Aunt

That's great!Zheng Rui	Fine, I'll take you to church later.  

Aunt	I am relieved when you are together.

Zheng Weiguo	Xiaoyi, you have really gained a lot of experience these few years.

Zheng Weiguo	It seems that I was right to send you abroad.

Zheng Weiguo	Nowadays, all the top officials of the state are taking study tours overseas and sending their children to study abroad.

Zheng Weiguo	Many countries in the world look upon and learn from western countries.

Zheng Weiguo	China is really backward.

Zheng Weiguo	Young people must venture out to see the rest of the world.

Zheng Weiguo	It is imperative to gain more experience.

Xiaoli	Uncle is absolutely right!

Zheng Weiguo	What Xiaoyi has just said is really not simple.

Zheng Weiguo	It is not easy for a young person to understand these things.

Zheng Weiguo	But don't mention this conversation to anyone outside our family lest you be convicted for your speech.

Zheng Weiguo	Living in China, you need to be careful about what you say.

Zheng Weiguo	Although the constitution provides for freedom of belief and expression,

Zheng Weiguo	many people have been arrested, convicted, and slaughtered for speaking the truth.

Zheng Weiguo	Young people are in danger if they don't take this seriously!

Mu Xinping	Yeah.

Mu Xinping	Son, your dad is right!

Mu Xinping	Now that you are back in the country, it is not the same as living abroad.

Mu Xinping	You need to be cautious in what you say and do!

Mu Xinping	Otherwise you will bring trouble to yourself!

Zheng Yi	Mom, I know that!

Mu Xinping	Mm, let's have dinner …

Zheng Rui	Don't just keep on talking, come, eat …

Zheng Yi	Dishes are getting cold.Congreation

Zheng Rui/Mu Xinping/Uncle/Zheng Yi	Come, eat …

Zheng Yi	Xiaorui, let's go back.

Zheng Rui	Xiaoyi,  

Zheng Yi	Um.

Zheng Rui	you have really learned a lot in these few years abroad. You are really discerning in the area of faith.

Zheng Rui	Working as a reporter in recent years, I have also observed the social crisis in China with regard to religious belief.

Zheng Rui	People feel empty spiritually due to the lack of religious belief.

Zheng Rui	They focus on making money and indulge in sinful pleasure.

Zheng Yi	Mm-hmm.

Zheng Rui	People are becoming more and more evil; they don't take the right path!

Zheng Yi	That's right!

Zheng Rui	I think this has a direct relationship with the atheist administration and education of the country.

Zheng Rui	I have made some gains and come to understand these things from believing in the Lord these years.

Zheng Yi	Thank God!

Zheng Rui	Xiaoyi, I was really happy listening to what you said last night.

Zheng Rui	You see these things more clearly than I do.

Zheng Rui	It appears that the path of faith in the Lord is completely correct.

Zheng Yi	That's right!

Zheng Yi	Xiaorui, do you know what is the root cause for the growth you see in me?

Zheng Rui	What is it?

Zheng Yi	To be honest with you, I started believing in Almighty God when I was abroad.

Zheng Rui	What? You believe in Almighty God?

Zheng Yi	Mhm.

Zheng Yi	Almighty God has expressed all the truth for the cleansing and salvation of men

Zheng Yi	and unfolded all the mysteries in the Bible.

Zheng Yi	In the past few years, I have read many words of Almighty God and understood some truths.

Zheng Yi	So I am able to see many things more thoroughly.

Zheng Yi	Whether we can see things thoroughly or not depends on how much we understand the truth.

Zheng Yi	If you read more about the word of Almighty God and fellowship more about it,

Zheng Yi	you can also gain more insight and discernment. Naturally, you can see many things thoroughly.

Zheng Rui	Oh, it turned out that you started believing in Almighty God abroad. No wonder you have made so much progress.

Zheng Rui	Ah! Unfortunately, I have only heard about Eastern Lightning.

Zheng Rui	But when I saw the CCP government's all-out efforts in suppressing and attacking Eastern Lightning, I did not study it.

Zheng Rui	If I knew that you had started believing in Almighty God, I would have also studied about it earlier. How nice would that have been!

Zheng Rui	Hey! Xiaoyi, hurry up and tell me, how did you start believing in Almighty God?

Zheng Rui	What is Eastern Lightning all about?

Zheng Yi	Hm, that was something three years ago.

Zheng Yi	When I saw the CCP government brutally suppress, persecute Eastern Lightning 

Zheng Yi	and mobilize the media to mass produce public opinions to frame and convict Eastern Lightning, 

Zheng Yi	and arrest many Christians,

Zheng Yi	I thought that for the CCP government to frantically suppress and persecute Eastern Lightning,

Zheng Yi	it had to be a major event that had happened, not something minor.

Zheng Rui	Major event?

Zheng Yi	Eastern Lightning was causing such sensations.

Zheng Yi	So many good sheep and head sheep from all the factions had accepted Eastern Lightning.

Zheng Rui	Um.

Zheng Yi	I was pondering over it. The Holy Spirit's voice had to be speaking in The Church of Almighty God.

Zheng Yi	Perhaps it was the appearance and work of the Son of man to wield such power!

Zheng Yi	Otherwise, there would not be so many good sheep and head sheep from various factions accepting Eastern Lightning.

Zheng Yi	So, I started to study Eastern Lightning online.

Zheng Yi	In a few days, I had read many words expressed by Almighty God.

Zheng Yi	It was really an eye-opener, a feast for the eyes!

Zheng Rui	Was it?

Zheng Yi	In the word of Almighty God, I found the answers to all the truths that I hadn't understood since I had started believing in the Lord for several years. 

Zheng Yi	The word of Almighty God is so rich and is all the truth. It is so practical!

Zheng Yi	I also watched some movies and videos of The Church of Almighty God. 

Zheng Yi	It can be said, that was really a profound gain.

Zheng Rui	Was it?

Zheng Yi	Those gospel testimonial films communicating the truth were so enlightening

Zheng Yi	that they solved some perplexities and difficulties in my belief in the Lord. They were so worthy of watching!

Zheng Yi	In particular, I saw that the word of Almighty God is all the truth and the voice of God.

Zheng Yi	I just kept reading Almighty God's word.

Zheng Yi	The more I read, the more interested and enlightened I became.

Zheng Yi	Each and every word of Almighty God touched my heart. I was utterly convinced!

Zheng Yi	That's great!

Zheng Yi	I was completely certain that the Lord Jesus had returned and worked as Almighty God!


Zheng Rui	Um.

Zheng Yi	Xiaorui,

Zheng Yi	if you study the work of Almighty God, you only need to read His word

Zheng Yi	and watch the movies and videos of The Church of Almighty God, then you will understand everything.

Zheng Rui	Is that so?

Zheng Yi	If you really have the ability to understand, you will be totally convinced after reading the word of Almighty God.

Zheng Rui	Really?

Zheng Rui	Oh, I really regret not having studied Eastern Lightning. 

Zheng Rui	I am going to study it now!

Zheng Yi	That's good.

Zheng Rui	Hey, Xiaoyi, you said that Almighty God's word is God's voice and appearance and His work,

Zheng Yi	Yeah.

Zheng Rui	talk to me about it in detail.

Zheng Yi	Alright, let me tell you. At that time, I saw …

Zheng Rui	Xiaoyi, since we are going for an outing tomorrow, it is a good time to spread the gospel to dad and mom, right?

Zheng Yi	That will work, I think so too.

Mu Xinping	What are you thinking about?

Zheng Weiguo	This kid, after studying abroad for four years,

Zheng Weiguo	why does he talk so differently than us?

Zheng Weiguo	It is like he has become a different person.

Zheng Weiguo	What has he been doing abroad? Was he really worshiping the Lord in church?

Zheng Weiguo	He seems to understand a lot of things in the way he talks,

Zheng Weiguo	could it mean that he has believed in Eastern Lightning?

Mu Xinping	Eastern Lightning?

Mu Xinping	That can't be true.

Zheng Weiguo	See what this is!

Mu Xinping	What is it?

Mu Xinping	The Word Appears in the Flesh?

Mu Xinping	Where did you get this book from?

Zheng Weiguo	I found it in Xiaoyi's room!

Mu Xinping	Oh! They believe in Almighty God?!

Zheng Weiguo		You still need to ask? It is surely the case.

Zheng Weiguo	No wonder the kids always talk so secretly together.

Mu Xinping	Just don't get angry. That won't solve any problem.

Zheng Rui	We're back!

Zheng Rui	We bought some snacks and drinks.

Zheng Yi	See if there is anything missing.

Zheng Rui	Oh, tomorrow we are …

Zheng Rui	What happened?

Zheng Weiguo	You explain to me, what's going on?

Zheng Yi	Oh Dad, don't be mad.

Zheng Yi	To be honest with you, I started believing in Almighty God when I was abroad.

Mu Xinping	What?

Zheng Yi	After returning to China, I shared the testimony of Almighty God's work with Xiaorui.

Mu Xinping	You really have believed in Almighty God?!

Zheng Yi	Yes.

Zheng Yi	Dad, Mom, we were just about to tell you!

Zheng Yi	This is great news!

Zheng Yi	The Lord Jesus has returned, that is, the appearance of Almighty God.

Zheng Yi	You should also study the true way.

Zheng Rui	That's right.

Zheng Weiguo	Xiaoyi, Xiaorui, it seems that you still don't understand the state's policy.

Zheng Weiguo	If you merely know the provision for freedom of belief in the constitution, does it mean that you understand the Communist Party?

Zheng Weiguo	I have been working at the United Front for so many years. I have already seen it clearly.

Zheng Weiguo	What the CCP hates most is the appearance of God and His work.

Zheng Weiguo	The government has long condemned Christianity as a cult,

Zheng Weiguo	and the Bible as a cultist book, of which countless copies have been burned.

Zheng Weiguo	The CCP government is determined to completely ban all home churches.

Zheng Weiguo	When you believed in Jesus in the past, I was opposed to it.

Zheng Weiguo	And now you have believed in Almighty God, I absolutely will not allow it!

Zheng Weiguo	Do you know what Almighty God is about?

Zheng Weiguo	They witness that Almighty God is the Lord Jesus appearing to work,

Zheng Weiguo	the appearance of Christ the Savior in the last days

Zheng Weiguo	who even has expressed the book The Word Appears in the Flesh with more than a million words. 

Zheng Weiguo	If it spreads out, the consequence is unimaginable!

Zheng Weiguo	The Communist Party and Christ the Savior are mortal enemies. Can the CCP not stop at nothing to suppress and arrest those Christians?

Zheng Weiguo	Do you know?

Zheng Weiguo	The CCP has long designated those who believe in Eastern Lightning as the state's most wanted criminal.

Zheng Weiguo	Whoever they seize will be severely punished without mercy. No one can even pay for their release through the back door.

Zheng Weiguo	This is not a joke!

Mu Xinping	Did you hear it?


Zheng Weiguo	To be honest with you,

Zheng Weiguo	in order to completely eradicate The Church of Almighty God these years, the Central Government has issued numerous secret documents,

Zheng Weiguo	and repeatedly suppressed and cracked down on Eastern Lightning. 

Zheng Weiguo	We have also been holding meetings all day studying on how to suppress and ban Eastern Lightning. 

Zheng Weiguo	As for Eastern Lightning, the attitude of the central leadership is very clear,

Zheng Weiguo	that is, "Troops won't be withdrawn until the ban is done."

Zheng Weiguo	Therefore, I absolutely forbid you to believe in Almighty God.

Zheng Weiguo	Did you hear that?

Zheng Yi	Dad, since you know that Eastern Lightning witnesses for the Lord Jesus' return

Zheng Yi	and God's appearance and work in the last days

Zheng Yi	to preach and witness for all the truth expressed by the Savior for the salvation of mankind,

Zheng Yi	then surely you know

Zheng Yi	how terrible it is for the CCP government to suppress, arrest and convict Eastern Lightning like that.

Zheng Yi	It is a monstrous sin to resist God and act perversely against Heaven. 

Zheng Yi	After studying it, I learned that Eastern Lightning has completely fulfilled the prophecy of the Lord Jesus:

Zheng Yi	"For as the lightning comes out of the east, and shines even to the west; so shall also the coming of the Son of man be"

Zheng Yi	(Matthew 24:27).

Zheng Yi	What Eastern Lightning witnesses is the appearance and work of the Son of man.

Zheng Rui	That's true, Dad, Mom.

Zheng Yi	Dad, Mom, you haven't read the word expressed by Almighty God,

Zheng Yi	so you don't understand what Eastern Lightning is about.

Zheng Yi	If you want to understand Eastern Lightning, you have to read the word of Almighty God

Zheng Yi	to see if it is the truth, the utterance of God's Spirit speaking to mankind,

Zheng Yi	and God's appearance and work in the last days.

Zheng Yi	It is most important to study these.

Zheng Rui	Dad.

Zheng Yi	Now the CCP government has launched an overwhelming people's war against Eastern Lightning.

Zheng Yi	Eastern Lightning is only the Church of Christ in the last days.

Zheng Yi	It is neither a country nor a race.

Zheng Yi	Is it necessary for the CCP government to wage this people's war against Eastern Lightning?

Zheng Yi	The CCP even proclaimed, "Troops won't be withdrawn until the ban is done."

Zheng Yi	This CCP's hostility to God is bound to be cursed and punished by God!

Zheng Rui	Dad, my brother is right.

Zheng Rui	Recalling God's appearance and work in history,

Zheng Rui	all those people, races or nations that resisted God were cursed and destroyed by God.

Zheng Yi	Mm-hmm.

Zheng Rui	For instance, three thousand years ago, the Pharaoh of Egypt was killed because he was punished for resisting God.

Zheng Rui	After the Lord Jesus appeared to work,

Zheng Rui	the Roman Empire was destroyed by God's great plague for resisting Him and brutally persecuting His chosen people.

Zheng Yi	Mm-hmm.

Zheng Rui	The CCP will surely be destroyed by the catastrophe cast down by God for resisting Christ in the last days.

Zheng Rui	Father, you have studied religion for many years, you certainly are aware of these things, right?

Zheng Rui	How do you feel about the CCP's resistance of Almighty God?

Zheng Weiguo	Actually, we have seen it from early on that

Zheng Weiguo	Eastern Lightning is not an ordinary religion.

Zheng Weiguo	They have witnessed the Lord Jesus' return, that is,

Zheng Weiguo	Christ the Savior in the last days has arrived in the world in person to save mankind.

Zheng Weiguo	If the government allows The Church of Almighty God to continue to preach the gospel and testify for God,

Zheng Weiguo	it won't take too many years for countless people to accept Almighty God. 

Zheng Weiguo	You know that the CCP is an atheist party

Zheng Weiguo	that is antagonistic to theism.  

Zheng Weiguo	The war between the CCP and those who believe in God is a war in the ideological realm.

Zheng Weiguo	It is a mortal struggle.

Zheng Weiguo	How could the CCP allow God's appearance and work? How could it allow the church's existence?

Zheng Weiguo	So the CCP government adopted the policy to suppress and ban religious beliefs

Zheng Weiguo	by eliminating and banning all religions in order to build an atheist domain within China.

Zheng Weiguo	This is the only way the CCP can perpetuate its rule in China!

Zheng Weiguo	So, since it took power, the CCP has always suppressed and banned religious beliefs.

Zheng Weiguo	During this period, so many Christians have been arrested and imprisoned,

Zheng Weiguo	so many Christian families have been shattered. Some Christians even died in prison.

Zheng Weiguo	We know this is true.

Zheng Weiguo	Why are there more and more people believing in God?

Zheng Weiguo	The main reason is The Word Appears in the Flesh has been spreading so fast.

Zheng Weiguo	A lot of people from various factions accepted Almighty God 

Zheng Weiguo	because they had read The Word Appears in the Flesh.

Zheng Weiguo	The power of this book is awesome!

Zheng Weiguo	It is now spreading and expanding in the world.

Zheng Weiguo	This has become a headache for the central leadership.

Zheng Weiguo	The central leaders won't have a good night's sleep until The Church of Almighty God is banned.

Zheng Weiguo	Xiaoyi, Xiaorui, you have to understand this,

Zheng Weiguo	if the CCP has the audacity to designate orthodox religions such as Christianity and Catholicism as cults,

Zheng Weiguo	how can it be lenient to Eastern Lightning? 

Zheng Weiguo	In recent years, the Central Government has also designated Eastern Lightning as a cult

Zheng Weiguo	and the target for focused attack and banning.

Zheng Weiguo	When you believe in Eastern Lightning, aren't you ramming your chests against the muzzles?

Zheng Weiguo	Are you being smart or stupid?

Mu Xinping	Xiaoyi, Xiaorui, I heard your dad say this long ago.

Mu Xinping	Now that the CCP is doing its utmost to suppress and ban The Church of Almighty God,

Mu Xinping	and also mobilizing the media to generate massive public opinions in an all-out effort to condemn The Church of Almighty God.

Mu Xinping	Even some Three-Self churches have been banned and other churches demolished.

Mu Xinping	It appears that the CCP is determined to eradicate all religious beliefs!

Mu Xinping	I also heard your dad say that many believers of Almighty God had been arrested.

Mu Xinping	The CCP intends to send the believers of Almighty God to their death.

Mu Xinping	If you believe in Almighty God, you will be arrested sooner or later.

Mu Xinping	It will not only ruin your future, it may even endanger your lives! 

Zheng Yi	Mom!

Mu Xinping	Xiaoyi, Xiaorui, in this matter you have to listen to your dad.

Mu Xinping	You cannot believe in Almighty God! All right?

Zheng Yi	Mom, don't worry. We will be careful while believing in God in China.

Zheng Rui	That's right.

Zheng Weiguo	Humph!

Zheng Rui	Mom and Dad, we all know that since the CCP took power, it has begun to persecute religious beliefs

Zheng Rui	by insanely suppressing Christianity and Catholicism, and arresting and killing many Christians. 

Zheng Rui	For so many years,

Zheng Rui	the CCP's suppression of religious beliefs has been intensifying. It has incurred God's curses for a long time.

Zheng Rui	Look at the incessant natural disasters and misfortunes in China.

Zheng Rui	It is the CCP's resistance to God and acts against Heaven that have brought so many disasters upon the Chinese people.

Zheng Rui	After the CCP took power, China has been plagued by so many natural disasters and misfortunes.

Zheng Rui	Why doesn't the CCP reflect upon itself? 

Zheng Rui	When confronted with natural disasters, ancient emperors even made proclamations of remorse!

Zheng Rui	The CCP is far less advanced than the ancient emperors! It does not take into account the will of Heaven and the people.

Zheng Rui	It even brazenly condemns Christianity and Catholicism as cults.

Zheng Rui	What's most detestable is that the CCP has even designated the Holy Bible as a cultist book.

Zheng Rui	Why does the CCP treat God, the word and work of God as evil?

Zheng Rui	This only shows that the CCP is too evil!

Zheng Yi	That's completely correct!

Zheng Yi	Dad, Mom,

Zheng Yi	I have heard it for a long time that the founder of the Communist Party was the Satanist Karl Marx.

Zheng Yi	Satanism is the worst cult.

Zheng Yi	Why is the CCP so evil?

Zheng Yi	This is directly related to the communists' belief and worship of Marx.

Zheng Yi	The CCP is a group of atheist demons expressly hostile to God!

Zheng Yi	What is its basis for convicting orthodox religion?

Zheng Yi	What is its basis for designating the Holy Bible as a cultist book?

Zheng Yi	What is its basis for condemning Eastern Lightning as a cult?

Zheng Yi	Was it based on Marxist-Leninist atheism and the Communist Manifesto?

Zheng Yi	Why does the CCP so frantically condemn God's work in the last days?

Zheng Yi	Why does it launch such an overarching

Zheng Yi	search-and-arrest operation against Christ in the last days and His followers?

Zheng Yi	Why does it still mobilize media campaign to generate rumors, defamation and conviction of Almighty God's appearance and work?

Zheng Yi	Isn't it courting death?

Zheng Yi	It is digging its own grave by resisting God.

Zheng Yi	The Bible tells of such a fact.

Zheng Yi	When King Herod heard about the birth of the King of Israel in Bethlehem,

Zheng Yi	he ordered the slaughter of all baby boys under the age of two in town.

Zheng Yi	He would never allow Christ to rule on earth.

Zheng Yi	The reason why the CCP so ruthlessly suppresses and bans The Church of Almighty God,

Zheng Yi	hunts down the Christ and exterminates all His followers

Zheng Yi	is also because it is most fearful of Christ taking power on earth,

Zheng Yi	most fearful of mankind accepting the truth expressed by Almighty God.

Zheng Yi	Dad, does the Communist Party really have no idea that the work of Christ's appearance is the work of God's Spirit  

Zheng Yi	and the advent of the Creator in the world to save humanity?

Zheng Rui	Mhm, yes!    

Zheng Yi	Does the CCP know what it is up against? 

Zheng Yi	Does it feel that the disasters in China are not big enough?

Zheng Yi	Isn't the CCP imperiling the country and its citizenry by resisting God like this?

Zheng Weiguo	Xiaoyi,

Zheng Weiguo	why does the CCP designate Christianity as a cult?

Zheng Weiguo	Why does the CCP designate the Bible as a cultist book? You should be clear about that.

Zheng Weiguo	The Bible preaches and testifies about God's appearance and work.

Zheng Weiguo	For thousands of years,

Zheng Weiguo	it is because of the influences of the Bible that there have been more and more people believing in God.

Zheng Weiguo	As long as there is Christianity and the Bible,

Zheng Weiguo	Marxist-Leninist atheism and evolutionism certainly cannot stand.

Zheng Weiguo	That's why the CCP sees Christianity as hostile forces.

Zheng Weiguo	It naturally designates the Bible as a cultist book.

Zheng Weiguo	In particular, the testimony of Eastern Lightning that the Lord Jesus has returned

Zheng Weiguo	is the most terrifying thing for the CCP.

Zheng Weiguo	The CCP and Christ the Savior are mortal enemies.

Zheng Weiguo	Can it not do its utmost to suppress religious beliefs and ban house churches?

Zheng Weiguo	The frequent meetings of the Central Committee and release of secret documents

Zheng Weiguo	prove that the rapid development of religious beliefs has brought a crisis of governance to the Communist Party.

Zheng Weiguo	The Central Committee reiterated in particular

Zheng Weiguo	that CCP members and state officials are absolutely forbidden to believe in God.

Zheng Weiguo	Do not forget the education of the CCP:

Zheng Weiguo	The children of CCP members must believe in Marxism-Leninism and Mao Tse-tung's Thought. Believing in God is absolutely forbidden.

Zheng Weiguo	Believing in God is a betrayal of the CCP!

Zheng Weiguo	The children of CCP members must obey the Party, follow the Party and always belong to the CCP!

Zheng Weiguo	Do you know?

Zheng Weiguo	Since the preaching and witnessing of The Word Appears in the Flesh as expressed by Almighty God,

Zheng Weiguo	the CCP has been on full alert, fearing that The Word Appears in the Flesh would spread all over the world.

Zheng Weiguo	So the government went all out to suppress and arrest Eastern Lightning,

Zheng Weiguo	aiming at completely banning The Church of Almighty God.

Zheng Weiguo	No matter how you put it, the CCP is now in power.

Zheng Weiguo	As long as the Communist Party exists, you cannot believe in God.

Zheng Weiguo	Actually, I am not in favor of the CCP's persecution of religious beliefs,

Zheng Weiguo	but there is nothing I can do.

Zheng Weiguo	I am a member of the Communist Party whose livelihood comes from the CCP. I have to obey the Party.

Zheng Weiguo	If I were not a CCP official, what would our family live on?

Zheng Weiguo	Don't all these things that we enjoy today come from the CCP?

Zheng Weiguo	You cannot forget this.

Mu Xinping	Oh, yes!


Zheng Yi	Dad, from what you said today,

Zheng Yi	it seems that you understand everything the CCP does.

Zheng Yi	But do you believe in retribution? 

Zheng Yi	If you follow the example of the CCP to do evil and harm the believers of God, you are committing a deadly sin

Zheng Yi	that will certainly beget retributions.

Zheng Yi	Dad, the CCP is an atheist party, a satanic regime against God.

Zheng Yi	It has never acknowledged the existence of God.

Zheng Yi	What qualifications does it have to decide which church is the true way or a cult?

Zheng Rui	That's right, Dad.

Zheng Yi	All things in heaven and earth including mankind were created by God.

Zheng Yi	God is the Creator. Only the Creator of the entire universe has supreme authority.

Zheng Yi	Only God is the truth, and His appearance and work is the true way.  

Zheng Rui	Mhm.

Zheng Yi	Almighty God is the incarnation of God, the appearance of Christ the Savior in the last days

Zheng Yi	who has come to express the truth for the judgment and salvation of mankind.

Zheng Rui	That's right, Mom.

Zheng Yi	Not only does the CCP refuse to acknowledge and accept the appearance and work of Almighty God,

Zheng Yi	it even resists and condemns Almighty God.

Zheng Yi	Isn't it an extremely perverse and reactionary act?

Zheng Yi	The CCP has resisted God and committed countless sins. It is a satanic regime that detests the truth and resists God most.

Zheng Yi	What is a cult after all?

Zheng Yi	It should be explained that any political party or group that resists and acts against God is a cult.

Zheng Yi	Any organization of evil spirits and demons that deludes and corrupts mankind is a cult.

Zheng Yi	Any party or organization that advocates materialism, evolutionism

Zheng Yi	and fallacies against the truth expressed by God is a cult.

Zheng Yi	Dad, you should be clear which is a cult after all.

Zheng Yi	The CCP's ideological theories are cultist fallacies.

Zheng Yi	Everything the CCP does is resistant and utmost reactionary against God.

Zheng Yi	The CCP is the real evil party and cult!

Zheng Rui	Dad, Mom,

Zheng Rui	the incarnate Almighty God has come to the world in the last days

Zheng Rui	to express the truth for the cleansing and salvation of mankind.

Zheng Rui	It is akin to true light in the sky that illuminates the dark world

Zheng Rui	to let man see that light and righteousness have descended on earth.

Zheng Rui	Why has the CCP  been frantically resisting and condemning the appearance and work of Almighty God, Christ of the last days?


Zheng Rui	Why has it done its utmost to exterminate Christ and ban The Church of Almighty God?

Zheng Rui	This is indeed perversity against Heaven and an extremely reactionary act!

Zheng Rui	Why is it that the more positive something is, the more truth something possesses, the more the CCP will crack down on and condemn it, 

Zheng Rui	and the CCP won't stop until it is completely banned?

Zheng Rui	Isn't the CCP so spooky!

Zheng Rui	Isn't the CCP genuinely an evil party and a cult?

Zheng Rui	Dad, Mom, The Church of Almighty God follows Christ and witnesses His appearance and work

Zheng Rui	and preaches all the truths expressed by Almighty God. Their actions are perfectly justified.

Zheng Yi	Mm.

Zheng Rui	The CCP so lunatically resists God,

Zheng Rui	and so brutally arrests and persecutes those who follow and witness for Christ,

Zheng Rui	how can it not be cursed by God?

Zheng Rui	How can it not bring interminable perils to the Chinese people?

Zheng Weiguo	Humph!

Zheng Rui	All the catastrophes that have befallen China were directly related to the CCP's resistance to God.

Zheng Rui	Dad, Mom, can you accept what we say?

Zheng Weiguo	I admit that in the years that the Communist Party has been in power, it has done more than a few bad things.

Zheng Weiguo	Now that the Communist Party is no longer a savior in the hearts of ordinary people.

Zheng Weiguo	Nor is it the red sun or dear father and mother.

Zheng Weiguo	This is very clear in my heart.

Zheng Weiguo	In any case, the CCP still holds power in China.

Zheng Weiguo	It is a revolutionary party that is capable of doing anything if necessary.

Zheng Weiguo	If you believe in Almighty God, you may be arrested at any time or even in danger of losing your lives.

Zheng Weiguo	Therefore, I will never allow you to believe in Almighty God for your sake.

Zheng Weiguo	As the saying goes, "A wise man submits to circumstances." You can't ram your chest against the muzzle.

Zheng Weiguo	Do you understand what I mean?

Zheng Weiguo	I made it clear to you today.

Zheng Weiguo	Communist education only permits beliefs in Marxism-Leninism and Mao Tse-tung's Thought.

Zheng Weiguo	Believing in God is absolutely forbidden!

Zheng Weiguo	Children of Communist Party members can only listen to the Party and go along with the Party.

Zheng Weiguo	They can never accept, follow and witness for Christ!

Zheng Weiguo	Children of Communist Party members must always believe in the Communist Party for endless generations!

Mu Xinping	Oh, well, it's fine!

Mu Xinping	Weiguo, we are going to have a picnic tomorrow.

Mu Xinping	Come load the car with mom.

Mu Xinping	Oh, let's go! Let's load the car together.

Mu Xinping	Hurry! Son, hurry up! Go!

Mu Xinping	Oh, Xiaoyi, Xiaorui,

Mu Xinping	your dad says this for your own good. You ought to listen to him!

Mu Xinping	The Communist Party is capable of any bad things!

Mu Xinping	If you are arrested for believing in Eastern Lightning, even your dad cannot help you!

Mu Xinping	Do you hear me?

Zheng Weiguo	Come, Xiaoyi, let's play a game of chess.

Zheng Yi	Fine.

Zheng Yi	Oh, I haven't played chess for a long time.

Mu Xinping	Oh, the weather is so nice today!

Mu Xinping	Your father and I have long wanted to go out and relax with you together.

Zheng Yi	Mom, why didn't you say so earlier?

Zheng Rui	That's right.

Zheng Weiguo	You are so busy at work ordinarily. Even on weekends, I hardly get to see you.

Zheng Weiguo	You are busier than me!

Mu Xinping	What are you doing so busily that you are always going out on the weekends?

Zheng Weiguo	Hey, are you going to the congregation?

Zheng Weiguo	It is all for your good that I don't let you believe in Almighty God.

Zheng Weiguo	I often tell you that

Zheng Weiguo	in the family of the Communist Party, the only allowable beliefs are Marxism-Leninism and Mao Tse-tung's Thought.

Zheng Weiguo	Believing in God is out of the question.

Zheng Weiguo	The CCP suppresses and convicts The Church of Almighty God like this,

Zheng Weiguo	but you think those are all trumped-up and framed-up charges.

Zheng Weiguo	Let me ask you then,


Zheng Weiguo	how do you explain the May 28 Zhaoyuan case of Shandong that has shocked the country and the world?

Zheng Weiguo	This case was heard in open court after all!

Zheng Weiguo	After the occurrence of the Zhaoyuan case of Shandong,

Zheng Weiguo	the government has stepped up its crackdown on house churches,

Zheng Weiguo	even using the armed police forces to crack down on The Church of Almighty God

Zheng Weiguo	by conducting overwhelming carpet search-and-arrest of The Church of Almighty God members.

Zheng Weiguo	Although people have raised numerous doubts about the Zhaoyuan case of Shandong,

Zheng Weiguo	believing it

Zheng Weiguo	was a false case fabricated by the CCP to generate public opinions to support its crackdown on The Church of Almighty God,

Zheng Weiguo	the Chinese media have publicly reported the case regardless of whether the facts are true or false.

Zheng Weiguo	This has generated some impacts in various countries in the world.

Zheng Weiguo	No matter how you deny the Zhaoyuan case of Shandong,

Zheng Weiguo	many people still believe the Communist Party.

Zheng Weiguo	So I want to hear what you think of the  Zhaoyuan case of Shandong.

Zheng Yi	Dad, how long can the CCP fool the world with this Zhaoyuan case of Shandong that it has singlehandedly concocted?

Zheng Yi	Can it save the CCP's inevitable fate of demise?

Zheng Yi	The Zhaoyuan case of Shandong had considerable impacts domestically and internationally at that time.

Zheng Yi	It also deceived a lot of ignorant people.

Zheng Yi	But can dark clouds permanently block the sun?

Zheng Yi	Can a crow's wings block the sun's glory?

Zheng Rui	Mhm.

Zheng Yi	Concealment and deception are impermanent.

Zheng Yi	Lies are always lies, they will never become the truth.

Zheng Yi	For so many years, the CCP has become increasingly notorious, corrupt and evil for its deceits and frauds.

Zheng Yi	The CCP is infamous at home and abroad. 

Zheng Yi	Can frauds and deceits alone save the CCP?

Zheng Yi	More and more people in the world as a whole see through the essence of the CCP. No one believes in it anymore.

Zheng Yi	Since the CCP is a notorious atheist party and satanic evil group

Zheng Yi	that is most sinister and resistant to God in the world,

Zheng Yi	the CCP's courts are Satan's courts.

Zheng Yi	Can there be any fairness and justice in the cases adjudicated by these courts?

Zheng Yi	The CCP is a one-party dictatorship and one-party tyranny.

Zheng Yi	There is no independent judiciary in China. CCP judges have no autonomy.

Zheng Yi	They all take orders from the Chinese government and

Zheng Yi	handle cases according to the government's intentions. This is a well-established fact.

Zheng Yi	The cases tried by the CCP courts are bound to be utterly absurd distortion of facts and inversion of black-and-white.

Zheng Yi	During engaging in political struggles and political rule for so many years, the CCP

Zheng Yi	has consistently relied on framing to generate public opinions. It is most adept in this art!

Zheng Yi	When the Zhaoyuan case of Shandong was tried in the CCP court,

Zheng Yi	the defendants clearly stated in court,

Zheng Yi	"I never had contact with The Church of Almighty God."

Zheng Yi	"What the state cracks down on is the 'Almighty God' that Zhao Weishan believes in,

Zheng Yi	not the 'Almighty God' that we believe in."


Zheng Yi	Even the defendants themselves did not admit that they belonged to The Church of Almighty God,

Zheng Yi	and the Church did not know them.

Zheng Yi	Why didn't the CCP judge go by the facts?

Zheng Yi	In the absence of evidence,

Zheng Yi	why did the judge insist on attributing these suspects to The Church of Almighty God?

Zheng Yi	Wasn't this the plot of a frame-up?

Zheng Yi	Wasn't this falsification and deception?

Zheng Yi	Now no one believes the reports of the CCP media and the CCP's lies anymore.

Zheng Rui	Yes.

Zheng Yi	Dad, you have worked in the Communist system for so many years,

Zheng Yi	you certainly see these things better than I do.

Zheng Yi	Do you really believe that the Zhaoyuan Case of Shandong will help the CCP stay in power?

Zheng Rui	Dad, having been a reporter for several years, I totally understand all these things.

Zheng Rui	Every time before violently suppressing religious beliefs, democratic rights movements, ethnic protests, etc.,

Zheng Rui	the CCP fabricates a false case and wantonly creates public opinions to incite the mass,

Zheng Rui	followed by a bloody crackdown.

Zheng Rui	Take the June Fourth student movement,

Zheng Rui	that started out advocating integrity against corruption, democracy and freedom. 

Zheng Rui	Then the CCP instructed some unidentified people to act as students and infiltrate the group 

Zheng Rui	to fight, smash, burn, overturn military vehicles, and create chaos.

Zheng Rui	This branded the student movement as "counter-revolutionary," intent on inciting riots,

Zheng Rui	and gave the CCP the excuse they needed to repress the group.

Zheng Rui	The CCP then launched a bloody crackdown on these students.

Zheng Rui	At least a few thousand students were shot and rolled over by tanks.

Zheng Rui	This was how the CCP staged

Zheng Rui	the bloody Tiananmen Incident that chilled the Chinese people and shocked the world!

Zheng Rui	It's also how the CCP suppressed the mass protests in Tibet.

Zheng Rui	The CCP government inserted people in the protesting crowd

Zheng Rui	to deliberately commit arson, killing, robbery and looting.

Zheng Rui	It then mobilized the army to massacre the protesting crowds under the pretext of quelling the Tibetan insurrection.

Zheng Rui	These facts are enough to prove that

Zheng Rui	starting by making up lies, distorting facts and framing, followed by violent suppression

Zheng Rui	are the CCP's usual means to eradicate dissension.

Zheng Yi/Mu Xinping	Mhm.

Zheng Rui	The Zhaoyuan case in Shandong

Zheng Rui	formed the basis for the public sentiment that allowed the CCP's brutal suppression and persecution of The Church of Almighty God.


Zheng Rui	It is another major crime of religious persecution by the CCP.

Mu Xinping	Mm.

Zheng Rui	Dad, you are an official within the CCP system,

Zheng Rui	you should know better than us about the modus operandi of the CCP!

Mu Xinping	Oh, I've lived with the communist for so many years,

Mu Xinping	I am crystal clear about what the CCP is.

Mu Xinping	Despite the CCP officials' grandiose appearance,

Mu Xinping	what they do behind the scenes are all bad deeds and business deals.

Mu Xinping	Needless to say about the Zhaoyuan case, there is no fairness in all the cases tried by the Communist courts.

Mu Xinping	Transactions and bribery are behind all the cases.

Mu Xinping	There are political motivations behind all the cases involving religions and ethnic minorities.

Mu Xinping	Now that all the bad deeds of the CCP have been exposed by more and more people,

Mu Xinping	I think the deceptive nature of the Zhaoyuan case will not be under wraps for long.

Zheng Weiguo	Humph!

Zheng Weiguo	I did not expect you to be so discerning about the CCP's intentions behind its actions!

Zheng Weiguo	It appears that you guys have really grown up.

Zheng Weiguo	But you are still callow.

Zheng Weiguo	What happened after the commotions of the June Fourth Incident of 1989 caused by those angry youth?

Zheng Weiguo	Hadn't they all been quelled?

Zheng Weiguo	Some of them were killed, wounded and jailed while others fled overseas.

Zheng Weiguo	Who was able to fight against the CCP?

Zheng Weiguo	Even if the Zhaoyuan case was a case of injustice and falsehood, then what?

Zheng Weiguo	Too many unjust and false cases have been created by the CCP,

Zheng Weiguo	many of which are known by the people. But who can solve the problem?

Zheng Weiguo	Who can do anything about the CCP?

Zheng Weiguo	Do you know what the CCP believes in?

Mu Xinping	What?

Zheng Weiguo	The CCP is a revolutionary party.

Zheng Weiguo	What it believes in is mendacity and violence, that is, seizing power with violence!

Zheng Weiguo	Going by the CCP's logic, "A lie will become the truth if it's repeated ten thousand times."

Zheng Weiguo	No matter how many people doubt its word, deny and disbelieve it,

Zheng Weiguo	the CCP doesn't care a whit, and it continues to lie and deceive just the same.

Zheng Weiguo	As long as the immediate effects and its goals can be achieved, it doesn't care about the costs!

Zheng Weiguo	If people rebel against it and march in protest,

Zheng Weiguo	it will use tanks and machine guns to solve it all.

Zheng Weiguo	When necessary, it will use the atomic bombs and missiles to counter hostile forces.


Zheng Weiguo	The CCP can resort to any means to maintain its rule.

Zheng Weiguo	As soon as the Zhaoyuan case of Shandong was publicly announced,

Zheng Weiguo	the CCP started massive deployment of armed police units

Zheng Weiguo	to suppress and arrest Christians at all costs.

Zheng Weiguo	Who could stop it? Who dared to resist?

Zheng Weiguo	Even when foreigners were able to see through the CCP's fraud, what could they do?

Zheng Weiguo	The CCP has many ways to counter the condemnation of Western democratic forces.

Zheng Weiguo	It uses money to settle everything.

Zheng Weiguo	As the saying goes, "Who receives a gift sells his liberty."

Zheng Weiguo	Fewer and fewer countries are condemning the CCP now.

Zheng Weiguo	Hostile forces to the CCP are afraid to sound off.

Zheng Weiguo	No matter how you put it, the CCP is still able to uphold its rule.

Zheng Weiguo	As long as the Communist Party holds on to power, you believers of God can never expect to be free!

Zheng Weiguo	God's appearance and work in China will definitely be detested and banned by the CCP.

Zheng Weiguo	Whether the CCP can achieve the goal of establishing an atheistic domain in China or not,

Zheng Weiguo	it will never stop arresting and suppressing you!

Zheng Weiguo	I saw this clearly long ago.

Zheng Weiguo	That's why I vigorously oppose your believing in Almighty God.

Zheng Weiguo	It is all for your sake, don't you understand?

Mu Xinping	Xiaorui, come.

Zheng Rui	Okay.

Zheng Yi	Dad, have you really seen through the CCP?

Zheng Yi	The CCP is so evil, yet it still thrives in the world and no one dares to block it.

Zheng Yi	Could it mean that it can permanently maintain its rule?

Zheng Yi	When the Lord Jesus appeared to work, the Roman regime tried its utmost to resist and condemn Him.

Zheng Yi	Such robust government, wasn't it finally destroyed by the plague cast down by God?

Zheng Yi	No matter what kind of forces in the world,

Zheng Yi	as long as they resist God and act against God, they will be destroyed by God without exception.

Zheng Yi	We cannot advocate status and power, let alone evil power

Zheng Yi	because God rules everything. Whoever resists God will inevitably perish!

Zheng Yi	Dad,

Zheng Yi	although we have seen the utter wickedness of the CCP,

Zheng Yi	we are not necessarily able to see its devilish nature.

Zheng Yi	Why does the CCP so insanely resist and condemn God and harm God's chosen people?

Zheng Yi	The Lord Jesus said in the Bible long ago:

Zheng Yi	"This is an evil generation" 


Zheng Yi	"And this is the condemnation,

Zheng Yi	that light is come into the world, and men loved darkness rather than light,

Zheng Yi	because their deeds were evil.

Zheng Yi	For every one that does evil hates the light, neither comes to the light,

Zheng Yi	lest his deeds should be reproved" .

Zheng Yi	The Bible also says,

Zheng Yi	"The whole world lies in wickedness" .

Zheng Yi	Why does the CCP so madly resist and condemn The Church of Almighty God?

Zheng Yi	The main reason is that the CCP is most fearful of the Chinese people's acceptance and return to Almighty God.

Zheng Yi	The CCP is most fearful of the people of all countries accepting the work of Almighty God in the last days.

Zheng Yi	The CCP is most fearful of all the truths expressed by Almighty God being proclaimed and expanded in the world,

Zheng Yi	and the will of God fulfilled universally on earth.  

Zheng Yi	This is enough to prove that the CCP is most fearful of the truth and the appearance and work of God,

Zheng Yi	it is most fearful of the true light appearing to illuminate mankind in darkness,

Zheng Yi	because the CCP is well aware that once the word of Almighty God is proclaimed,

Zheng Yi	there will surely be many to accept the work of Almighty God in the last days.

Zheng Yi	That's why the CCP so insanely suppresses and persecutes all those who follow Almighty God.

Zheng Yi	The CCP so perversely acts against Heaven,

Zheng Yi	it's the enemy of God, the truth and justice!

Zheng Yi	Dad, you have been defending the CCP, standing on its side to resist God and persecute God's chosen people.

Zheng Yi	It is a heinous sin that offends God's disposition! It is destined to be punished!

Zheng Yi	All those who resist and act against God are doomed to be destroyed and go to hell!

Zheng Yi	Dad, you have to see this fact!

Zheng Weiguo	Oh, Xiaoyi,

Zheng Weiguo	you have seen clearly the root causes of the CCP's suppression and persecution of The Church of Almighty God.

Zheng Weiguo	Actually, I already knew that the CCP's suppression and persecution of The Church of Almighty God

Zheng Weiguo	is because of Christ's appearance and work in the last days for the salvation of mankind.

Zheng Weiguo	It is because the book The Word Appears in the Flesh is too influential!

Zheng Weiguo	If the CCP did not make the decision of repression and banning,

Zheng Weiguo	there would be no telling about how many Chinese people would have accepted Almighty God. The consequences could have been disastrous.

Zheng Weiguo	Anyone can see it.

Zheng Weiguo	However, what you said about going to hell for resisting God, I don't believe it.

Zheng Weiguo	Who has seen where hell is? What does hell look like?


Zheng Weiguo	I don't even know if God exists at all. I don't recognize that God exists.

Zheng Weiguo	Where is God after all? Who has seen God?

Zheng Weiguo	If Almighty God is the true God, when the CCP so desperately condemns and attacks Almighty God,

Zheng Weiguo	why hasn't God annihilated it?

Zheng Weiguo	If God reveals His omnipotence and destroys the Communist Party, then He is the true God.

Zheng Weiguo	That way, mankind as a whole must acknowledge that Almighty God is the true God,

Zheng Weiguo	even the CCP will have to prostrate and worship the true God. Who would dare to resist God?

Zheng Weiguo	But what actually happened?

Zheng Weiguo	What I saw was the CCP police arresting believers of God everywhere.

Zheng Weiguo	Many of God's believers were thrown into prison, tortured and maimed.

Zheng Weiguo	Many of them were killed. However, did your God save them?

Zheng Weiguo	How can this make one believe that the God you believe in is true?

Zheng Weiguo	I cannot understand you at all.

Zheng Weiguo	Is the God you believe in true or false? I am afraid that you don't even know.

Zheng Weiguo	In that case, aren't you being foolish?

Zheng Weiguo	What is your basis in saying that the God you believe in is the true God? Can you explain it clearly?

Zheng Yi	Dad, you are an experienced person. About God's existence and dominance,

Zheng Yi	do you really know nothing?

Zheng Yi	Since the creation of the world, God has done three stages of work for the salvation of mankind that has been corrupted by Satan.

Zheng Yi	The work in the Age of Law and the Age of Grace was done in Israel and Judah.

Zheng Yi	In those two stages of God's work, many of His words were expressed through prophets

Zheng Yi	and written in the Holy Bible.

Zheng Yi	All the truths expressed by the incarnate God in the last days for the cleansing and salvation of mankind

Zheng Yi	were recorded in The Word Appears in the Flesh.

Zheng Yi	In the three stages of work, God twice became flesh to perform salvation work for mankind.

Zheng Yi	The first time, God had become flesh as the Lord Jesus who was crucified for completing the work of redemption.

Zheng Yi	It sensationalized the entire world.

Zheng Yi	The gospel of the Lord Jesus has spread to the ends of the earth, reached every home and become a household name.

Zheng Yi	Christianity has established churches in all countries and areas. So many people believe in Christianity!

Zheng Yi	In the last days, God has become flesh, who is Almighty God, and done judgment work.

Zheng Yi	It also sensationalized the entire world.

Zheng Yi	The Word Appears in the Flesh expressed by Almighty God is proclaimed and attested to humanity as a whole.

Zheng Yi	All who love the truth and seek God's appearance and work


Zheng Yi	heard the voice of God by reading the Bible and The Word Appears in the Flesh.

Zheng Yi	Seeing the appearance and work of God, they determined the existence and dominance of God.

Zheng Yi	Dad, since you don't know if God exists, why don't you seek and study God's work?

Zheng Yi	Having lived a lifetime, even many unbelievers

Zheng Yi	can conclude such words of wisdom like "Man's destiny is determined by Heaven" and "When man acts, Heaven observes"

Zheng Yi	and "Man proposes, God disposes."

Zheng Yi	Anyone with a conscience acknowledges retribution.

Zheng Yi	Although man could not see God, he was able to sum up these words of wisdom.

Zheng Yi	He was able to completely affirm the existence and domination of God.

Zheng Yi	Those who only look for money and keep money in their hearts do not seek to study the appearance and work of God.

Zheng Yi	They only see money, fame and profits in their eyes.

Zheng Yi	They view status and power above all else.

Zheng Yi	It is said in the Bible that only fools would say there is no God.

Zheng Yi	Dad, I can give an example,

Zheng Yi	all nations, races and cities that had resisted God were eventually annihilated by God—

Zheng Weiguo	Hey, is there any basis in what you say? Why haven't I seen the facts?

Zheng Weiguo	Can you tell me the facts?

Zheng Weiguo	Then you tell me when the CCP will be destroyed?

Zheng Weiguo	If God destroys the CCP, I will believe!

Mu Xinping	Yes, what your dad is saying is right.

Mu Xinping	If God can destroy the CCP for the Chinese to have a good life,

Mu Xinping	I will believe too!

Zheng Rui	Mom!

Mu Xinping	Well, let's go, I'm all ready. Let's chat as we eat.

Zheng Yi	Dad, let's go.

Zheng Yi	Dad, although you are a CCP member, an atheist,

Zheng Yi	don't you believe in the will of Heaven?

Zheng Yi	Don't you acknowledge that the fate of a person determines his life?

Zheng Yi	Don't you acknowledge the fact that "What goes around comes around"?

Zheng Yi	This is enough to prove that God rules the world and mankind.

Zheng Yi	From ancient times to the present, nations or races that had resisted God invariably ended up in ruination.

Zheng Yi	It is too easy for God to annihilate a nation or a race.

Zheng Yi	Recalling when the Lord Jesus was at work,

Zheng Yi	Judaism's leaders joined hands with the Roman government and crucified the Lord Jesus.

Zheng Yi	Seventy years after the Lord, the nation of Israel was punished by God.

Zheng Yi	After Israel ceased to exist, many Jews were killed.

Zheng Yi	There was also the Roman regime that had resisted God and cruelly persecuted Christians for three hundred years.

Zheng Yi	Finally, retributions befell the Roman Empire. It was destroyed by God.

Zheng Yi	From these historical facts we can see that

Zheng Yi	those who resisted God brought destruction to themselves. They were bound to be punished and destroyed by God.

Zheng Yi	Since it took power, the CCP has been frantically arresting and slaughtering Christians.

Zheng Yi	In particular, the appearance of Christ of the last days, Almighty God, at work in China

Zheng Yi	has encountered even more lunatic condemnation and resistance by the CCP government.

Zheng Yi	The CCP launched an overwhelming and all-out suppression against The Church of Almighty God,

Zheng Yi	insanely hunting for Christ and brutally persecuting God's chosen people.

Zheng Yi	It even fabricated all kinds of rumors to malign The Church of Almighty God

Zheng Yi	as an attempt to incite and delude people to deny and alienate God,

Zheng Yi	ruining the chance for mankind to receive salvation and dragging people to hell for punishment.

Zheng Yi	The CCP's countless acts of resistance to God and evil deeds have long infuriated God's disposition.

Zheng Yi	At the conclusion of God's judgment work in the last days,

Zheng Yi	God will send down various disasters to destroy all the evil forces of Satan,

Zheng Yi	and destroy the CCP, a satanic regime that is most resistant to God, to demonstrate God's righteous and inviolable disposition. 

Zheng Yi	Almighty God says, "Wherever the incarnation appears, so the enemy is destroyed from that place.

Zheng Yi	China is the first to be annihilated, to be laid to waste by the hand of God.

Zheng Yi	God gives absolutely no quarter to China."

Zheng Yi	"He who defies the work of God shall be sent to hell;

Zheng Yi	any country that defies the work of God shall be destroyed;

Zheng Yi	any nation that rises up to oppose the work of God

Zheng Yi	shall be wiped from this earth, and shall cease to exist."

Zheng Yi	from The Word Appears in the Flesh

Zheng Yi	Each of God's words will be fulfilled.

Zheng Yi	The CCP has resisted God, harmed so many people who believe in God, and committed so much evil

Zheng Yi	to bring such immense calamities to the Chinese people.

Zheng Yi	How can it not be imprecated and annihilated by God?

Zheng Rui	Yeah, how can it not be?

Zheng Yi	Look at the increasingly frequent and intense disasters in China,

Zheng Yi	these are retributions for resisting God.

Zheng Rui	Father, don't follow the CCP to resist God anymore.

Zheng Rui	As the saying goes, "The culmination of injustice is perdition."


Zheng Rui	When the catastrophe descends and the CCP is destroyed, it will be too late for you to regret it.

Zheng Rui	Almighty God says, "My mercy is expressed upon those who love Me and deny themselves.

Zheng Rui	And the punishment visited upon the wicked is precisely proof of My righteous isposition and,

Zheng Rui	even more, testimony to My wrath.

Zheng Rui	When disaster comes,

Zheng Rui	famine and plague will befall all those who oppose Me and they will weep."

Zheng Rui	"If mankind wishes to have a good fate, if a country wishes to have a good fate,

Zheng Rui	then man must bow down to God in worship, repent and confess before God,

Zheng Rui	or else the fate and destination of man will unavoidably end in catastrophe."

Zheng Rui	from The Word Appears in the Flesh

Zheng Rui	Dad, Mom, the word of Almighty God is very clear.

Zheng Rui	Only by believing in God and worshiping God can mankind receive God's care and protection,

Zheng Rui	and survive the great catastrophe!

Zheng Weiguo	Enough! You are even preaching the gospel to me.

Zheng Weiguo	I am a CCP member, an atheist. I can never believe in God.

Zheng Weiguo	In my opinion, the theory of the CCP is still the most practical.

Zheng Weiguo	By following the CCP, one can become an official, wield power and get rich.

Zheng Weiguo	He can attain power and status and enjoy worldly prosperity. This is happiness.

Zheng Weiguo	When you believe in God, you always have to be on the run and hide like a thief.

Zheng Weiguo	You may be caught and sent to prison at any time and face uncertain fate. How can there be happiness at all?

Zheng Weiguo	I only live for now. I don't care about what will happen when I die. Everything is over in death.

Zheng Weiguo	China is the CCP's realm. If you believe in God, the CCP will revoke your life!

Zheng Weiguo	I believe in the Communist Party. "A wise man submits to circumstances."

Zheng Weiguo	Therefore, I staunchly oppose your believing in Almighty God!

Mu Xinping	Hey, okay, okay. Don't talk so much.

Mu Xinping	It's so nice to be out together. See how much food I have prepared.

Mu Xinping	Come … Come now, let's eat.

Zheng Weiguo	I tell you, these two kids have believed in Almighty God. It's not easy to turn them around.

Mu Xinping	Mm.

Zheng Weiguo	I debated with them for a while today. And what happened?

Zheng Weiguo	They spoke so justifiably and factually. I was refuted and rendered speechless.

Zheng Weiguo	I really didn't expect Xiaoyi to have gained such experience and knowledge abroad these years.

Zheng Weiguo	It seems that this kid can be quite outstanding.

Mu Xinping	Hey! You still do not understand what this means?

Mu Xinping	Believing in God can only be good.

Mu Xinping	If the children did not believe in God, they would be prone to be influenced negatively. That would be problematic.

Mu Xinping	When you were arguing, I could understand everything you said.

Mu Xinping	Our son really made sense.

Mu Xinping	Hey, he has just been abroad for a few years, and he seems to have turned into a different person.

Mu Xinping	It seems that this affair of believing in God is not a simple matter.

Mu Xinping	Otherwise, how did Xiaoyi learn so much?

Mu Xinping	From what I see, believing in God is not necessarily a bad thing.

Mu Xinping	It is really good for the children's growth!

Mu Xinping	Why does the CCP always arrest and persecute those who believe in God?

Mu Xinping	This is really spooky!

Zheng Weiguo	You still don't see what the CCP is about?

Zheng Weiguo	The CCP is an atheist political party.

Zheng Weiguo	The Central leaders detest God most. They insist on arresting and persecuting the Christians. What can we do?

Zheng Weiguo	Those who believe in God are good people. Who doesn't know that?

Zheng Weiguo	The CCP's policy is evil. No one can change that.

Zheng Weiguo	What can we do when we were born in this country?

Zheng Weiguo	I think Xiaoyi has surely read the book The Word Appears in the Flesh more than a few times.

Zheng Weiguo	This book The Word Appears in the Flesh is really powerful.

Zheng Weiguo	Its impacts on people are so great!

Zheng Weiguo	Once a person begins to read and crosses the threshold, he is godized, and no one can change him.

Zheng Weiguo	Those who believe in Almighty God read the book The Word Appears in the Flesh every day.

Zheng Weiguo	The more they believe, the more vigorous they become.

Zheng Weiguo	No matter how much the CCP persecutes and arrests them, they are unvanquished.

Zheng Weiguo	The 610 Office in the city organized a brainwashing class,

Zheng Weiguo	inviting a number of university professors and pastors of the Three-Self Church to administer forced brainwash on those who believe in God.

Zheng Weiguo	I saw their brainwashing process. It did not work at all.

Zheng Weiguo	Most of those who believe in Almighty God, by degrees, become godized.

Zheng Weiguo	Even sentencing them to labor reform for several years could not transform them. It was useless no matter how they were brainwashed.

Mu Xinping	Really?

Zheng Weiguo	The believers appear to be ordinary people, and yet they speak with great wisdom and insight.

Zheng Weiguo	Those university professors tried to indoctrinate them with atheism, materialism and Marxism-Leninism

Zheng Weiguo	to no avail at all.


Zheng Weiguo	They were particularly repulsed by and disgusted with the theory of Marxist-Leninist atheism.

Zheng Weiguo	The scholars and religious pastors who specialize in Bible study

Zheng Weiguo	were unable to convince them no matter how they interpreted the Bible.

Zheng Weiguo	From what Xiaoyi said, I think he may also have been godized.

Zheng Weiguo	There is no going back for him.

Zheng Weiguo	If the CCP arrests him, the consequences will be disastrous.

Zheng Weiguo	Not even we can save him.

Zheng Weiguo	What are we supposed to do?

Mu Xinping	Oh, Weiguo, you really see this matter clearly.

Mu Xinping	I don't object to Xiaoyi believing in God. He is following the right way.

Mu Xinping	I just worry if he gets arrested, it could be terrible.

Mu Xinping	We have to tell Xiaoyi to be careful, not to get into trouble.

Mu Xinping	The way I see it, believing in God cannot be wrong. Perhaps it will pay off for the kid in the long run.

Mu Xinping	Believing in God has to be better than believing in the CCP!

Mu Xinping	This Communist Party is running out of luck.

Mu Xinping	Maybe the Communist Party will collapse one day. Then what are you going to do?

Mu Xinping	I think this is a big problem.

Mu Xinping	Xiaoyi is knowledgeable. He will choose his own way. He won't do wrong.

Mu Xinping	Just turn a blind eye. Don't mind them.

Mu Xinping	Don't stir up discord in the family.

Mu Xinping	As for us, we need to be on alert.

Mu Xinping	Let them believe at home and stay clear of preaching. That will be safer.

Zheng Weiguo	You think it is so simple. You …

Zheng Weiguo	You want them to believe at home, you think they would do that?

Zheng Weiguo	Are they going to listen to you?

Zheng Weiguo	You want them to believe in God and have harmony in the family, is it possible?

Zheng Weiguo	You want to know the answer to that?

Zheng Weiguo	Come with me, I'll show you what the government's propaganda materials say.

Mu Xinping	What?

Mu Xinping	People who believe in God don't care about their families? They don't want their jobs?

Mu Xinping	How can we allow this? 

Mu Xinping	Then we have raised our children in vain.  

Zheng Weiguo	Yes, that's it. If you care about the welfare of this family, you have to stand on my side

Zheng Weiguo	and do your best to stop them. We can't let them believe in Almighty God.

Mu Xinping	What can we do?

Zheng Weiguo	Look at what this document says. The consequences are so serious …

Zheng Yi	I'd like you to communicate with the relevant departments about it …

Zheng Rui	Xiaoyi, mom wants us to go home early for dinner after work. Don't forget.

Zheng Yi	Oh, got it.

Zheng Yi	I'm on the way home.

Zheng Rui	Okay. Hang up then.

Zheng Rui	Xiaoyi, you are not good at keeping secrets.

Zheng Weiguo	Don't just urge Xiaoyi. You also need to find someone and settle down sooner. Your mom and I are waiting.

Mu Xinping	Yeah, you're at that age too.

Zheng Rui	Come on, it's none of my business. It's about Xiaoyi. Don't get me involved. Xiaoyi, get some food for dad.

Zheng Weiguo	You always keep off when it comes to this.

Zheng Yi	Eat more, there's so much.

Zheng Rui	Come, try this, it's not spicy, quite delicious.

Mu Xinping	Eat more. Try this.

Mu Xinping	Oh, Xiaoyi, Xiaorui, mom wants to talk to you about something.

Zheng Yi	What is it, Mom?

Zheng Rui	Say it, Mom.

Mu Xinping	Mom also knows it is good to believe in God. It lets people take the right path.

Mu Xinping	So, after you have believed in God, mom has been particularly relieved

Mu Xinping	and no longer worried that you guys may go astray.

Mu Xinping	But I see the government's documents say,

Mu Xinping	like some people who believe in Jesus, those who believe in Almighty God abandon their families in order to preach the gospel.

Mu Xinping	Some people don't even get married for a lifetime.

Mu Xinping	The documents also say that

Mu Xinping	the government wants to detain a group of people who believe in Almighty God and kill another group. Killing them means nothing.

Mu Xinping	There is something else like "Troops won't be withdrawn …" right, "until the ban is done." 

Mu Xinping	Many believers of Almighty God were arrested, imprisoned, wounded and crippled by the CCP.

Mu Xinping	Some people even lost their jobs and their families were ruined.

Mu Xinping	This has drawn a lot of criticism that people who believe in God do not want their families.

Mu Xinping	Xiaoyi, Xiaorui, do you say this is true?

Zheng Yi	Mom—

Mu Xinping	I have to tell you,

Mu Xinping	you can't abandon your family or give up marriage.

Mu Xinping	If this is how you really believe in God, mom advises you not to believe in Almighty God, okay?

Zheng Rui	Mom, you know that believing in God is the right way to go, this is great!

Zheng Rui	If you really knew that God's appearance and work is for the salvation of man, you would believe in God and follow God too.

Zheng Rui	The Lord Jesus said, "Truly I say to you,

Zheng Rui	There is no man that has left house, or parents, or brothers, or wife, or children, for the kingdom of God's sake,

Zheng Rui	Who shall not receive manifold more in this present time, and in the world to come life everlasting"

Zheng Rui	(Luke 18:29-30).

Zheng Yi	He also said:

Zheng Yi	"And he that takes not his cross, and follows after me, is not worthy of me.

Zheng Yi	He that finds his life shall lose it:

Zheng Yi	and he that loses his life for my sake shall find it"

Zheng Rui	Yeah, Mom! If you see these words of the Lord Jesus,

Zheng Rui	you will know what kind of people are true believers of the Lord Jesus.

Zheng Rui	It is exactly these kind of the Lord's followers that the CCP hates most.

Zheng Yi	Mhm.

Zheng Rui	Hey, Mom, do you know why they follow the Lord this way?

Mu Xinping	Why?

Zheng Rui	They follow the Lord this way for the truth, for the life, and for the Lord.

Zheng Rui	They can give up worldly glory and wealth, they do not covet physical comfort and carnal pleasure,

Zheng Rui	they are willing to endure hardships in preaching the gospel and suffer all kinds of pains to bear witness for the Lord.

Zheng Rui	What noble people they are!

Zheng Rui	All such people are praised by the Lord.

Zheng Yi	Yeah, Mom.

Zheng Rui	However, why does the CCP so hate, defame and condemn these people?

Zheng Rui	Why are these people being detained and put to death?

Zheng Rui	It even threatens, "Troops won't be withdrawn until the ban is done."

Zheng Rui	Isn't this a perverse act against Heaven?

Zheng Rui	Isn't this resistant to God?

Zheng Rui	In my opinion,

Zheng Rui	all that the CCP has done to these people who believe in God is criminal and sinful.

Zheng Rui	It is really utmost reactionary!

Zheng Rui	Mom, you have to distinguish between these things.

Zheng Yi	Mom, those who believe in God preach the gospel to bear witness for God

Zheng Yi	in order for people to come and worship God, and be saved by God.

Zheng Yi	You also see that the world is becoming increasingly dark and evil.

Zheng Yi	People are becoming increasingly corrupt. They advocate evil and abhor the truth.

Zheng Yi	They all follow the world's evil trends, pursue wining, dining and gaming, enjoy sinful pleasure,

Zheng Yi	and even openly deny, resist and act against God.

Zheng Yi	Say, Mom, this world is so evil and people are utmostly corrupted,


Zheng Yi	should they have been destroyed long ago?

Zheng Yi	The Bible prophesies a catastrophe in the last days.

Zheng Yi	If humanity does not return to Almighty God, does not accept the cleansing and salvation of Almighty God,

Zheng Yi	it will be destroyed by catastrophe.

Zheng Yi	Now the catastrophe is imminent, and mankind is facing the calamity of destruction.

Zheng Yi	The incarnate Almighty God has expressed the truth in the last days and taken a step in His work to judge and cleanse mankind

Zheng Yi	for it to be saved from sin and be brought into God's kingdom.

Zheng Yi	Don't you say this is great news?

Zheng Rui	Mm.

Zheng Yi	God has come for the salvation of man. Isn't it the love of God?

Zheng Rui	Yes!

Zheng Yi	If mankind wants to be saved, there is only one way now.

Zheng Yi	That is to accept the judgment and chastisement of Almighty God

Zheng Yi	for the cleansing of its corrupt disposition in order to survive the  catastrophe with the protection of God.

Zheng Yi	Those who believe in Almighty God understand God's eagerness to save man.

Zheng Yi	They are willing to put down physical enjoyment, brave the arrest and persecution by the CCP,

Zheng Yi	and endeavor to preach and witness the kingdom gospel of Almighty God.

Zheng Rui	Yes, Mom.

Zheng Yi	This is done to enable more people to survive through God's salvation.

Zheng Yi	This is carrying out the will of God, mom!

Zheng Yi	As the Lord Jesus said, "Go you into all the world,

Zheng Yi	and preach the gospel to every creature"

Zheng Yi	Almighty God says, "As members of the human race and devout Christians,

Zheng Yi	it is the responsibility and obligation of us all to offer up our mind and body for the fulfillment of God's commission,

Zheng Yi	for our entire being came from God, and it exists thanks to the sovereignty of God.

Zheng Yi	If our minds and bodies are not for God's commission and not for the righteous cause of mankind,

Zheng Yi	then our souls will be unworthy of those who were martyred for God's commission,

Zheng Yi	much more unworthy of God, who has provided us with everything". from The Word Appears in the Flesh

Zheng Rui	Yes, indeed!

Zheng Yi	Dad, Mom,

Zheng Yi	do you think people who believe in Almighty God are fools who do not perceive the danger in spreading the gospel?

Zheng Yi	If you think so, then you are wrong.

Zheng Yi	Spreading the gospel is conforming to the wills of Heaven and the people. It is a moral and virtuous deed!

Mu Xinping	You're right in saying that!

Zheng Yi	However, the CCP government betrayed the wills of Heaven and the people

Zheng Yi	by madly condemning the benevolence of Christians and by brutal arrest and persecution.

Zheng Yi	Many Christians were displaced and rendered homeless.

Zheng Yi	So many people were arrested and imprisoned and some were even persecuted to death!

Zheng Yi	The CCP government is the culprit behind the ruination of countless Christian families.

Zheng Yi	But it counterclaimed that the families of these people were ruined by their belief in God.

Zheng Yi	Isn't this a distortion of the facts and turning black-and-white on its head?

Zheng Yi	Had it not been for the CCP's lunatic suppression, arrest and torture of Christians, would it have led to such an outcome?

Zheng Yi	Isn't this the sin committed by the CCP through its persecution of Christians?

Zheng Yi	Believing in God is totally justified.

Zheng Yi	Myriad people in countries around the world believe in God. Whose families have been shattered?

Zheng Yi	Isn't it all true?

Zheng Rui	Yeah, Mom.

Zheng Yi	Some ignorant people are still deluded by the CCP's rumors and absurdity.

Zheng Yi	Not only do they not despise the CCP for persecuting Christians, instead they say the Christians are wrong for believing in God.

Zheng Yi	Isn't it mindless and preposterous?

Zheng Yi	Mom, Dad,

Zheng Yi	you have to discern the facts. Don't listen to the rumors and absurdity of the CCP.

Mu Xinping	Listening to what you say, now I understand it.

Mu Xinping	The CCP has incarcerated countless believers in God, crippled and even killed them, and ruined so many families,

Mu Xinping	but it shifts the blame to the victims and claims that they are at fault for believing in God.

Mu Xinping	Isn't this a gross distortion of facts?

Mu Xinping	This CCP government is too vile and vicious!

Mu Xinping	Those who believe in God would rather endure the government's persecution and arrest

Mu Xinping	to preach the gospel to rescue others. It is so admirable.

Mu Xinping	These are people of virtue indeed!

Mu Xinping	Hey, Weiguo, do you agree?

Zheng Weiguo	So to speak, these are great people. They are not foolish at all.

Zheng Weiguo	They do so for the praises and blessings of the Lord.

Zheng Weiguo	However, do you think this is practical?

Zheng Yi	Dad—

Zheng Weiguo	Dad, what dad?

Zheng Weiguo	Going to jail for preaching the gospel, aren't you putting your future down the drain?

Zheng Weiguo	Don't we all live for wealth and wellness?

Zheng Weiguo	If you spend your life in jail and die there,

Zheng Weiguo	what are the praises and blessings of the Lord good for?

Zheng Weiguo	I don't understand this matter! Humph!

Zheng Weiguo	If the Lord could save them from prison and bring them into the kingdom of heaven immediately,

Zheng Weiguo	that would be the real blessings of the Lord.

Zheng Weiguo	Is there such a thing? I haven't seen it.

Zheng Weiguo	Therefore, under no circumstance will I allow you to believe in God and preach the gospel.

Zheng Weiguo	As your dad, I cannot let you bear such hardship and suffer such pain.

Zheng Weiguo	I particularly cannot watch you being arrested and incarcerated.

Zheng Weiguo	You cannot act waywardly in this matter.

Zheng Weiguo	I am doing this for your own good. I am being responsible for your future!

Zheng Weiguo	You still don't understand it?

Zheng Rui	Dad!

Zheng Weiguo	I am full, you carry on!

Mu Xinping	Xiaoyi, Xiaorui, your father is also right!

Mu Xinping	It is too difficult and dangerous indeed to believe in God and preach the gospel in China.

Mu Xinping	Don't preach the gospel everywhere.

Mu Xinping	If you want to practice your belief, do it at home.

Mu Xinping	Wait until the CCP collapses, when there is religious freedom,

Mu Xinping	then you can go out to preach the gospel and witness for God. It won't be late.

Mu Xinping	Look at how insanely the CCP is arresting and persecuting Christians.

Mu Xinping	Mom is too worried and scared when you preach the gospel and witness for God.

Zheng Weiguo	That's right. You are grown up already. You ought to think for your mom and dad.

Zheng Yi	Mom, let's talk over there.

Mu Xinping	Let's go.

Zheng Weiguo	Come on!

Mu Xinping	You …

Zheng Rui	Mom.

Zheng Yi	Dad, Mom, we know you are worried that we may get into trouble.

Zheng Yi	We understand how you feel.

Zheng Yi	We also know that there is a danger of being arrested for preaching the gospel in China.

Zheng Yi	But if we wait until the CCP collapses and then preach the gospel, everything will be too late.

Zheng Rui	Yes, Dad.

Zheng Yi	By then the work of God will have been done, and the catastrophe will have descended.

Zheng Yi	Those who have not received the salvation of God in the last days will be destroyed in the catastrophe,

Zheng Yi	and their souls will be cast down to hell for punishment!

Zheng Yi	Almighty God says, "The disaster originates with Me and is of course orchestrated by Me.


Zheng Yi	If you cannot appear as good in My eyes, then you will not escape suffering the disaster."

Zheng Yi	"None know that the repeated reminders and exhortations of God

Zheng Yi	are because He holds in His hands an unprecedented disaster that He has prepared,

Zheng Yi	one that will be unbearable for the flesh and soul of man.

Zheng Yi	This disaster is not merely a punishment of the flesh but of the soul as well. …

Zheng Yi	This is because only one creation and one salvation are within the plan of God.

Zheng Yi	This is the first time and also the last.

Zheng Yi	Therefore,

Zheng Yi	none can comprehend the kind intention and fervent anticipation of God for mankind's salvation."

Zheng Yi	from The Word Appears in the Flesh

Zheng Yi	Dad, Mom,

Zheng Yi	God's eagerness is to save mankind from the throes of disaster.

Zheng Yi	If we are afraid to preach the gospel in fear of the CCP's persecution,

Zheng Yi	hiding at home for comfort and survival in shame,

Zheng Yi	our hearts will not be at peace!

Zheng Yi	Dad, Mom, you know what we are doing is right.

Zheng Yi	I hope you would respect our choice and stop interfering with our faith in God.

Zheng Yi	Believing in God in a country under Communist Party rule, we will use our wisdom.

Zheng Weiguo	Enough!

Zheng Weiguo	No matter what you say, I will never allow you to believe in God and preach the gospel.

Zheng Weiguo	As long as the CCP has not collapsed, you cannot believe in God or preach the gospel.

Zheng Weiguo	In this matter, you must listen to me.

Zheng Weiguo	Otherwise, I will not have you as my children!

Zheng Rui	Dad …

Zheng Rui	Xiaoyi,

Zheng Rui	Mom and Dad are wrong to stop us from believing in God,

Zheng Rui	but they are just afraid that we will be arrested and persecuted by the CCP.

Zheng Rui	If we keep arguing with them, aren't we hurting their feelings?

Zheng Rui	Won't it affect the harmony of our family?

Zheng Rui	If our relationships with mom and dad are strained, that won't be good.

Zheng Yi	Xiaorui, I can understand your concerns.

Zheng Yi	But you have to know, the reason we argue with mom and dad like this is to enlighten them,

Zheng Yi	to let them understand that it is meaningful to believe in God, it's for salvation and eternal life.

Zheng Yi	They cannot see this matter clearly as they are deluded by the CCP.

Zheng Yi	Dad cannot let go of power and status.

Zheng Yi	If we don't communicate with them about the truth to refute their fallacies,

Zheng Yi	it is not good for them.

Zheng Rui	Mm.

Zheng Yi	Now we must enlighten them, let them clearly understand the truth

Zheng Yi	and see the fact of the CCP's resistance of God and persecution of Christians.

Zheng Yi	This way, they will support and agree with our belief in God,

Zheng Yi	and cease to be used by the CCP to be its accomplice.

Zheng Rui	Mhm.

Zheng Yi	Something needs to be argued

Zheng Yi	because their opinions belong to Satan, which are hostile to the truth.

Zheng Yi	If we do not refute them, can they be disillusioned?

Zheng Yi	Don't you agree?

Zheng Rui	Mm, I understand it now when you put it this way.

Zheng Rui	Mom and Dad block us from believing in God. They want us to alienate and betray God.

Zheng Rui	They are standing together with the CCP to resist God!

Zheng Rui	Our argument with Mom and Dad is a contest between the truth and fallacies, facts and lies.

Zheng Rui	It is really a spiritual war in the family! 

Zheng Yi	Yes.

Zheng Rui	I was a little weak and negative because I didn't see this matter clearly.

Zheng Rui	I really was too stupid.

Zheng Yi	It's great that you can understand it! 

Zheng Rui	Mm.

Zheng Yi	Xiaorui, 

Zheng Rui	Yes.

Zheng Yi	it is our dad that I am most worried about now.

Zheng Yi	He knows for sure that people who believe in God are taking the right path,

Zheng Yi	but for his official position and livelihood, he is following the CCP to persecute the believers of God.

Zheng Yi	Our dad is taking the path of resistance to God.

Zheng Yi	It is too dangerous in the long run.

Zheng Yi	If he still does not repent, he will definitely be punished and suffer from retributions!

Zheng Rui	This is also what I am most worried about.

Zheng Rui	Our dad does not believe in God; he even blocks us from believing.

Zheng Rui	We have to find a chance to witness the work of God in the last days for dad and do our best to save him,

Zheng Rui	so he can turn around from the wrong way.

Zheng Yi	I really hope that dad can turn around and no longer block and restrict us from believing in God,

Zheng Yi	so our family will not be broken. 

Zheng Rui	Yes.

Zheng Yi	If dad can read the word of Almighty God in detail and accept God's work in the last days,


Zheng Yi	that would even be better. 

Zheng Rui	Mhm.

Zheng Yi	Even if he does not accept it, at least he won't follow the CCP to persecute the believers of God

Zheng Yi	and will stop doing evil to resist God.

Zheng Yi	This way, his punishment can be reduced. …

Hymn/Zheng Yi/Zheng Rui	Bearing witness to God's holy name, having satisfied God's heart.

Hymn/Zheng Yi/Zheng Rui	Righteousness and holiness filled in this world, everywhere is beautiful and new.

Hymn/Zheng Yi/Zheng Rui	Praise Him! Sing glory to His name! Singing praise to Him from our joyful hearts.

Mu Xinping	You are back? 

Zheng Weiguo	Mm.

Mu Xinping	Weren't you going to a meeting? Why are you back so early?

Zheng Weiguo	Where are the two of them?

Mu Xinping	Upstairs, what's going on?

Zheng Weiguo	Xiaoyi, Xiaorui!

Hymn	Together with Him, they are bathed in happiness. 

Hymn	Praise Him! Sing glory to His name! 

Zheng Weiguo	Come down here!

Zheng Rui	Okay.

Mu Xinping	What's the matter? Why so angry when you just came back?

Zheng Weiguo	This has got to concern them.

Zheng Rui	Mom, let me do it.

Zheng Weiguo	You come here!

Zheng Yi	Dad, what's the matter?

Zheng Weiguo	Do you know?

Zheng Weiguo	The Central Committee again issued a secret document to suppress The Church of Almighty God.

Zheng Weiguo	Moreover, it decides to mobilize the armed police forces to work with the regular police

Zheng Weiguo	to launch a nationwide suppression and attack on The Church of Almighty God and completely ban house churches.

Zheng Weiguo	In particular, it decides to launch an all-out effort to arrest and severely punish the key elements of The Church of Almighty God,

Zheng Weiguo	to detain a group and kill another group.

Zheng Weiguo	Now that the Communist Party has built many prisons throughout the country

Zheng Weiguo	that are prepared for those who believe in God.

Zheng Weiguo	You believers of God are facing a catastrophe. Do you understand?

Zheng Weiguo	The CCP will never relax its policy on religion.

Zheng Weiguo	It will only become increasingly severe, until all house churches are completely banned,

Zheng Weiguo	especially on your Church of Almighty God. It will not stop until your Church is completely banned.


Zheng Weiguo	I warn you, you mustn't believe in Almighty God anymore!

Mu Xinping	Weiguo, why is it that you can't talk nicely with the children? Why do you have to be so angry?

Mu Xinping	Xiaorui, come. Sit down, both of you.

Mu Xinping	You already are having political meetings with the government every day, and you don't even quit at home.

Mu Xinping	You are giving political lessons to the children again.

Zheng Weiguo	If you have to believe in God, go to the Three-Self Church.

Zheng Weiguo	At least you won't be arrested and sent to jail.

Zheng Weiguo	This is the main reason I don't let you believe in Almighty God.

Zheng Weiguo	Do you understand it?

Zheng Yi	Dad, when one believes in God in China, he is doomed to be arrested and persecuted by the satanic regime of the CCP.

Zheng Yi	This is very clear in our minds.

Zheng Yi	But we believe in God to pursue the truth and eliminate our satanic disposition,

Zheng Yi	to be a person who has the truth and humanity, who can be saved by God.

Zheng Yi	If we survive in shame out of cowardice

Zheng Yi	by obeying the satanic CCP regime and practicing our belief in God with the Three-Self Church,

Zheng Yi	how can we receive the truth to eliminate our satanic disposition?

Zheng Yi	Can we receive God's salvation to enter the kingdom of heaven?

Zheng Rui	Yes, dad.

Zheng Yi	Dad, you know that the Three-Self Church is completely controlled by the CCP government.

Zheng Yi	All the church's pastors are appointed by the government

Zheng Yi	and under strict orders of the government to refrain from speaking about the prophecies in the Book of Revelation and

Zheng Yi	sermons of spiritual life, let alone talking about loving God and obeying God.

Zheng Yi	What do they only talk about? Patriotic love and religious love, to honor God and benefit the people.

Zheng Rui	They also talk about social gospel, legal morality.

Zheng Yi	Or something about obeying those in ruling power.

Zheng Yi	Dad, do you say gathering in such a church is believing in God?

Zheng Yi	Will doing this receive the Holy Spirit's work?

Zheng Yi	Believing in God like that cannot earn the praises of God!

Zheng Rui	Yes, Dad.

Zheng Yi	Believing in God under the Three-Self Church cannot receive the truth and salvation of God at all.

Zheng Yi	It will be believing in vain.

Zheng Rui	Dad, my brother is right.

Zheng Rui	Those who believe in God under the Three-Self Church

Zheng Rui	would rather obey the regime of Satan than obey God in fear of persecution.

Zheng Rui	Aren't they all prisoners and puppets who obey the regime of Satan?

Zheng Weiguo	What prisoners, puppets? You are so young, what do you know?

Zheng Weiguo	This is called "A wise man submits to circumstances."

Zheng Rui	What wise man?

Zheng Rui	They are all timid and cowardly people, unbelievers who live in shame!

Zheng Rui	God absolutely will not praise those people.

Zheng Rui	Such people will be eliminated and destroyed by God.

Zheng Yi	That's right, Dad.

Zheng Yi	In any case, we will never practice our belief in God under the Three-Self Church!

Zheng Rui	Mm.

Zheng Weiguo	Since you say so, I will not force you.

Zheng Weiguo	But you can only believe in Jesus, never in Almighty God,

Zheng Weiguo	because believing in Almighty God it is too dangerous.

Zheng Weiguo	I have been working for the United Front for many years, and I have studied various religious beliefs.

Zheng Weiguo	Christianity, Catholicism and Eastern Orthodoxy are all orthodox religions that believe in Jesus.

Zheng Weiguo	But your belief in Almighty God is so different.

Zheng Weiguo	According to CCP documents, The Church of Almighty God does not belong to Christianity at all.

Zheng Weiguo	You are preaching the gospel to various sects under the banner of Christianity

Zheng Weiguo	that don't recognize you as a Christian denomination.

Zheng Weiguo	So I will never allow you to believe in Almighty God. You can only believe in Christianity if you want.

Zheng Weiguo	The government's persecution will be lighter this way.

Zheng Weiguo	If you get arrested and incarcerated for believing in Almighty God, your life will be in danger.

Zheng Weiguo	The CCP has already seen that all those who believe in Almighty God are invariably followers of Christ in the last days

Zheng Weiguo	who are Christ's disciples and apostles.

Zheng Weiguo	What the CCP fears most is

Zheng Weiguo	the proclamations and testimonies of the book The Word Appears in the Flesh expressed by Christ in the last days,

Zheng Weiguo	as well as this die-hard group that follows Christ in the last days.

Zheng Weiguo	We have studied the history of Christianity.

Zheng Weiguo	What Judaism and the Roman Empire feared most were the disciples and apostles of Jesus.

Zheng Weiguo	So when these people were captured, they were executed by different methods of capital punishments.

Zheng Weiguo	Today,

Zheng Weiguo	if measures are not taken to suppress and completely ban this group of people who follow Christ of the last days,

Zheng Weiguo	in less than a few years, they will subsume the entire religious community.

Zheng Weiguo	At present, several main Christian factions in China

Zheng Weiguo	have already been subsumed by The Church of Almighty God.

Zheng Weiguo	The CCP is very clear about this.

Zheng Weiguo	Had the CCP not fabricated some public opinions and contrived the Zhaoyuan Case,

Zheng Weiguo	perhaps the day will come when the religious community of the world would be subsumed by The Church of Almighty God.

Zheng Weiguo	Once The Church of Almighty God subsumes the entire religious community,

Zheng Weiguo	it will be very unfavorable to the rule of the CCP.

Zheng Weiguo	Therefore, the Central Committee made a strong determination

Zheng Weiguo	to deploy all available forces to thoroughly ban The Church of Almighty God in a short period.

Zheng Weiguo	You need to know,

Zheng Weiguo	the emergence of Eastern Lightning not only took China by storm, it also made a big splash in the world.

Zheng Weiguo	Since you made such a big move,

Zheng Weiguo	how can the CCP not frantically launch a wholesale suppression and arrest campaign against you?

Zheng Weiguo	If you must believe in God, you can only believe in Christianity. You are absolutely forbidden to believe in Almighty God.

Zheng Weiguo	The Church of Almighty God does not belong to Christianity, don't you know that?

Zheng Yi	Dad,

Zheng Yi	you just uttered the underlying reason why the CCP suppresses The Church of Almighty God.

Zheng Yi	But do you know

Zheng Yi	why the major Christian factions were subsumed by The Church of Almighty God?

Zheng Yi	It was because people of all sects and factions heard the voice of God.

Zheng Yi	When they saw the appearance and work of Almighty God, they determined that the Lord Jesus had returned.

Zheng Yi	So they all turned to Almighty God.

Zheng Yi	This is the great news that believers throughout the religious community have long hoped for.

Zheng Rui	That's right, Dad.

Mu Xinping	Xiaorui, come give me a hand.

Zheng Yi	Dad, Christ of the last days has appeared to work.

Zheng Yi	It is a matter of course that all sects and factions of Christianity and Catholicism turn to Almighty God.

Zheng Yi	It is also the trend of the times.

Zheng Yi	This is enough to show that both the Christianity and The Church of Almighty God are created through the work of God.

Zheng Yi	Christianity belongs to the Christian Church of the Age of Grace

Zheng Yi	while The Church of Almighty God belongs to the Christian Church of the Age of Kingdom.

Zheng Yi	They belong to Christianity just the same.

Zheng Yi	Why does the CCP deny that The Church of Almighty God is part of Christianity?

Zheng Yi	The CCP is an atheist political party, a satanic regime that hates the truth and resists God most.

Zheng Yi	What does it know about Christianity?

Zheng Yi	What qualifications does it have to say about which church is Christianity and which is not?

Zheng Yi	The CCP doesn't know a thing about Christianity. How dare it condemn the church of God.

Zheng Yi	Isn't it utterly shameless of the CCP to act like it understands something that it doesn't?

Zheng Rui	Exactly! The CCP government openly declared Christianity a cult,

Zheng Rui	designated the Holy Bible a cultist book, confiscating and destroying innumerable copies of the Bible.

Zheng Rui	It even dumped into the ocean Bibles that were shipped to China from overseas. This is a commonly acknowledged fact.

Zheng Rui	Now that the CCP government has condemned The Church of Almighty God as not belonging to Christianity.

Zheng Rui	Any discerning person can tell what it is about.

Zheng Rui	The CCP did everything possible to condemn The Church of Almighty God

Zheng Rui	in order to create the basis of public opinions for suppressing and banning The Church of Almighty God

Zheng Rui	to achieve its despicable goal of thoroughly banning the work of God and establishing an atheist region in China.

Zheng Rui	This is the sinister intention of the CCP!

Zheng Rui	Dad, did I say it right?

Zheng Yi	Dad, the CCP is an atheist party. How does it know what Christianity is?

Zheng Yi	Christianity was created by the appearance and work of the incarnate Lord Jesus.

Zheng Yi	As the Lord Jesus is Christ, all churches that believe in Him belong to Christianity.

Zheng Yi	The Lord Jesus promised that He would return.

Zheng Yi	The Lord Jesus has now returned, that is, the incarnate Almighty God.

Zheng Yi	Almighty God is Christ in the last days. So the ones who believe in Almighty God also believe in Christ.

Zheng Yi	All those that believe in Christ belong to Christianity.

Zheng Yi	The Lord Jesus and Almighty God are the incarnate God on two occasions. They are one God.

Zheng Yi	So faith in the Lord Jesus and faith in Almighty God both belong to Christianity.

Zheng Yi	Naturally, The Church of Almighty God is contemporary Christianity.

Zheng Yi	To be precise,

Zheng Yi	in the last days, only the faith in Almighty God belongs to true Christianity,

Zheng Yi	because the appearance of Almighty God—Christ of the last days—has ended the Age of Grace

Zheng Yi	and inaugurated the Age of Kingdom.

Zheng Yi	Only those who follow Almighty God, Christ of the last days, are those who follow the Lamb.

Zheng Yi	Therefore, The Church of Almighty God of Christ in the last days is the more practical Christianity.

Zheng Weiguo	You explained clearly what is Christianity. I understand it now.

Zheng Weiguo	However,

Zheng Weiguo	you witness that both Jesus and Almighty God are Christ, the first and the last Christ.


Zheng Weiguo	Our CCP does not recognize it.

Zheng Weiguo	In The Internationale, it clearly said, "There has never been any savior of the world."

Zheng Weiguo	You insist on witnessing the advent of Christ the Savior. How can the CCP not condemn you?

Zheng Weiguo	In our opinion, the Jesus whom Christians believe in was an ordinary man.

Zheng Weiguo	He was even nailed on the cross.

Zheng Weiguo	Even Judaism did not recognize Him as Christ.

Zheng Weiguo	Isn't this the fact?

Zheng Weiguo	The incarnate Almighty God in the last days that you witness

Zheng Weiguo	is also an ordinary person in fact.

Zheng Weiguo	The CCP's documents describe it clearly that He has a surname and first name. This is also a fact.

Zheng Weiguo	Why do you witness that such an ordinary person is Christ, the appearance of God?

Zheng Weiguo	Humph! It is really incredible!

Zheng Weiguo	No matter how you witness what truth has been expressed and how judgment work in the last days has been done by Almighty God,

Zheng Weiguo	our CCP will not recognize that this person is God.

Zheng Weiguo	I think you are just like those people of Christianity, Catholicism, and Eastern Orthodoxy who believe in Jesus,

Zheng Weiguo	believing in a man as God. Isn't it ignorant?

Zheng Weiguo	What exactly is God and the appearance and work of God?

Zheng Weiguo	Does it mean that the mere expression of the truth and doing the work of God are the appearance of the true God?

Zheng Weiguo	This is what we will never accept.

Zheng Weiguo	If God can perform miracles and wonders, destroy the CCP and all those who resist Him,

Zheng Weiguo	then we will recognize Him as the true God.

Zheng Weiguo	If God appears in the sky, makes a thunderous roar that frightens the entire human race,

Zheng Weiguo	that is the appearance of God.

Zheng Weiguo	Then our CCP will recognize Him.

Zheng Weiguo	Otherwise, the CCP will never acknowledge there is God.

Zheng Yi	Dad, I just don't understand,

Zheng Yi	why is the CCP always hostile to God? Why does it always deny God?

Zheng Yi	Why does it particularly hate the incarnate Christ?

Zheng Yi	Why does the CCP define the Lord Jesus and Almighty God as an ordinary person,

Zheng Yi	and deny the divine essence of Christ?

Zheng Yi	You communists are atheists. You don't recognize the existence of God.

Zheng Yi	How could you know the mystery behind the incarnation of God?

Zheng Yi	Wasn't the appearance of the Lord Jesus a man when He became flesh?

Zheng Yi	Well, but a word of His could resurrect the dead and calm the wind and waves.

Zheng Yi	He could feed five thousand people with five loaves and two fish.

Zheng Yi	Wasn't it the power and authority of God?

Zheng Yi	Without the Spirit of God inside, could man perform such miracles and wonders?

Zheng Rui	That's right, Dad.

Zheng Yi	When the Lord Jesus was crucified, it was God's desire to redeem mankind through crucifixion.

Zheng Yi	When the Lord Jesus rose from death, appeared to the crowd and ascended to heaven, that was God's omnipotence.

Zheng Yi	Dad,

Zheng Yi	you don't recognize the man who could express the truth and perform God's work as Christ and God Himself.

Zheng Yi	Then tell me, other than the incarnate Christ,

Zheng Yi	who else you see can express the truth and perform God's work?

Zheng Yi	Whether people believe it or not,

Zheng Yi	the fact that God has become flesh and expressed the truth for the salvation of mankind is undeniable.

Zheng Yi	Only those who abhor and detest the truth would deny Christ and resist Him.

Zheng Yi	All of those who love the truth can accept and obey God's work.

Zheng Yi	Recalling when the Lord Jesus was at work,

Zheng Yi	the leaders of Judaism frantically resisted and condemned the incarnate Lord Jesus.

Zheng Yi	The people of Judaism also rejected the Lord Jesus.

Zheng Yi	But the fact of the Lord Jesus' redemption of mankind still spread around the world.

Zheng Yi	Many people in countries throughout the world believe in the Lord Jesus. Christian churches are found everywhere.

Zheng Yi	According to statistics, there are more than two billion people who believe in the Lord Jesus today.

Zheng Yi	This is enough to prove that the Lord Jesus is Christ and the Savior.

Zheng Yi	It is useless to deny it.

Zheng Yi	In the last days, the incarnate Almighty God expressed all the truths for the purification and salvation of mankind,

Zheng Yi	and did the work of judgment beginning at the house of God.

Zheng Yi	During His work,

Zheng Yi	He was subject to the frantic resistance and condemnation of the satanic CCP regime and the antichrist forces of the religious community.

Zheng Yi	But in merely twenty years, the kingdom gospel of Almighty God has swept across mainland China.

Zheng Yi	Almighty God has made a group of overcomers, the firstfruits in China.

Zheng Yi	Now, the word expressed by Almighty God

Zheng Yi	and a variety of movies, videos and MVs produced by The Church of Almighty God have been posted on the Internet.

Zheng Yi	More and more people are beginning to study the work of Almighty God in the last days.

Zheng Yi	Dad, do you think it was possible for man to do that?

Zheng Yi	Such outcomes were only made possible by the guidance of the Holy Spirit's work.

Zheng Yi	Dad, can you say who in this world can express the truth


Zheng Yi	and do work that can conquer and save mankind?

Zheng Yi	Whose work can be extended to the entire human race?

Zheng Yi	Other than the incarnate Christ, no one can do such work.

Zheng Yi	This allows us to see the power and authority of God's word,

Zheng Yi	the almightiness, wisdom, and wonderful acts of God.

Zheng Yi	Almighty God is the appearance of God incarnate, the Christ of the last days.

Zheng Yi	This is completely true.

Zheng Yi	Dad, don't you believe these facts?

Zheng Rui	Dad, God has become flesh to express the truth and do His own work.

Zheng Rui	It cannot be altered by man's will.

Zheng Rui	Whether you recognize God's incarnation or not, God's work cannot be stopped.

Zheng Rui	Almighty God says, "The work of God is like mightily surging waves.

Zheng Rui	No one can detain Him, and no one can halt His footsteps.

Zheng Rui	Only those who listen carefully to His words, and who seek and thirst for Him, can follow His footsteps

Zheng Rui	and receive His promise.

Zheng Rui	Those who do not shall be subjected to overwhelming disaster and deserved punishment."

Zheng Rui	from The Word Appears in the Flesh

Zheng Rui	Dad, the judgment work of Almighty God in the last days is about to end. The catastrophe is imminent.

Zheng Rui	All those who deny and resist God will be destroyed.

Zheng Rui	It will be too late and futile to recognize Almighty God by then.

Zheng Yi	Right.

Zheng Rui	Only those who have been cleansed and made perfect by receiving Almighty God's judgment in the last days

Zheng Rui	can survive in the catastrophe and enter the kingdom of God.

Zheng Rui	Dad, you are an intelligent person.

Zheng Rui	After hearing these words, I believe you should understand this fact!

Zheng Weiguo	Listening to what you say, it seems as if God's word and work are real.

Zheng Weiguo	To be honest, I know that believing in God is a good thing. Most of those who believe in God are good people.

Zheng Weiguo	I am also reluctant to persecute those who believe in God.

Zheng Weiguo	However, since my livelihood comes from the CCP, I have to listen to it.

Zheng Weiguo	If the Communist Party opposes people's belief in God, I must stand with the Communist Party.

Zheng Yi	Dad!

Zheng Weiguo	I will not change my position.

Zheng Weiguo	Whether it is going to hell or being punished, I accept it.

Zheng Weiguo	No matter what you say, I will never allow you to believe in Almighty God!

Zheng Yi	Dad, since you say so, then I will also show my position.

Zheng Yi	On the matter of believing in God, we cannot listen to you.

Zheng Yi	That we should believe in God is a self-evident truth and human right. No one has the right to interfere.

Zheng Yi	The CCP is autocratic; it forcibly interferes in people's freedom of belief.

Zheng Yi	This indicates that the CCP is a demon that resists God.

Zheng Yi	Dad, if you want to impose the CCP's dictatorship in this house,

Zheng Yi	will this family of ours still be a family?

Zheng Weiguo	Why not?

Zheng Yi	You always educate us with the ideas of Marxism-Leninism and atheism.

Zheng Yi	You want to turn us into communists, becoming demons that resist God.

Zheng Yi	Are you educating us to go the right way or forcing us to the evil path?

Mu Xinping	Xiaoyi!

Zheng Yi	Where do you want to guide us?

Zheng Yi	Is this the family education method of the CCP?

Zheng Yi	I think this is red re-education!

Zheng Weiguo	Humph!

Zheng Yi	I just don't understand.

Zheng Yi	Why is it that wherever a communist party is in power, there is no freedom of belief?

Zheng Yi	The CCP always practices Red re-education and Red rule.

Zheng Yi	Isn't the CCP too evil?

Zheng Yi	It is simply unbearable!

Zheng Yi	It looks like I have to emigrate to the world of religious freedom abroad.

Zheng Yi	That's where people long for.

Mu Xinping	Save your words.

Zheng Weiguo	I sent you abroad for further study so that you could receive advanced Western culture and education.

Zheng Weiguo	I didn't expect that when you kid grew up and became fully fledged, this home could no longer accommodate you?!

Zheng Weiguo	So you think you are really capable.

Zheng Rui	Dad, don't be angry. Xiaoyi is speaking from the heart. These are all facts.

Zheng Rui	Look at the communists. They want to be in power, in official positions and in control of others no matter where they are.

Zheng Rui	They even force others to obey and follow the Communist Party.

Zheng Rui	They give people so much pain!

Zheng Rui	We don't object your governance as an official, but can you give us some freedom of belief?

Zheng Rui	We do not want other freedom. As long as we have religious freedom, that is enough.

Zheng Rui	Can't we be given this little bit of freedom?

Zheng Rui	We believe in God to be good, to take the right path of life.

Zheng Rui	What is your reason at all for constantly blocking us?

Zheng Rui	Dad, you are determined to follow the CCP without leaving a path for yourself to survive.

Zheng Rui	Can you leave a path for us to survive?

Mu Xinping	Xiaorui.

Zheng Weiguo	How do I not leave a path for you to survive? Say it!

Zheng Rui	Just let us normally believe in God and read God's words in this house. That would be so nice.

Zheng Rui	That would be considered as giving us a little bit of freedom in the family.

Zheng Rui	These years, I have lived in the family of a CCP official. Why has it been so painful?

Zheng Weiguo	What are you saying? Painful?

Zheng Rui	Logically, when we have no lack of food or clothing, why is it that we don't have any freedom?

Zheng Rui	These Red education and Red rule of the CCP are too evil!

Zheng Rui	Is this still my family?

Zheng Weiguo	That's enough! After talking so much,

Zheng Weiguo	you haven't heard a single word I said, and you even came up with this idea of Red re-education.

Zheng Weiguo	Does it mean that I, your dad, am the devil?

Zheng Weiguo	What religious freedom? What Red re-education? Where did you learn these words from?

Zheng Weiguo	I think this is the penetration of Western culture!

Zheng Weiguo	After studying abroad for a few years, you kid has been completely westernized. I educated you for so many years in vain!

Zheng Weiguo	No matter how you put it, you are still my children. I just won't allow you to believe in Almighty God!

Zheng Weiguo	It is too dangerous if you keep on believing like this. Don't you know that?

Zheng Weiguo	Going by these comments of yours, you are godized elements in the eyes of the CCP!

Zheng Weiguo	If you are caught, you will be sentenced to prison. Even your lives will be in jeopardy.

Zheng Weiguo	The CCP is capable of doing anything.

Zheng Weiguo	I have been an official in the CCP system for so many years, I know the CCP too well.

Zheng Weiguo	If you don't listen to me, don't blame me for not warning you when you end up in jail.

Zheng Weiguo	You think about it!

Mu Xinping	Ah! Between father and children, why do you always argue to no end?

Mu Xinping	Does this still resemble a family?

Mu Xinping	What shall we do?

Mu Xinping	Weiguo, why are you smoking so much?

Mu Xinping	See how nice our children conduct themselves in believing in the Lord. They don't smoke or drink, and they follow the right path.

Mu Xinping	As for the CCP officials,

Mu Xinping	aside from smoking and drinking, they play mahjong and gamble, womanize and stay out every night.

Mu Xinping	They are still secretly plotting harm to those who believe in God and build prisons to incarcerate them.

Mu Xinping	Isn't it spooky to send all those good people who believe in God to prison?

Mu Xinping	I don't think you people are taking the right path!

Mu Xinping	You should be happy that our children are following the right path by believing in God.

Mu Xinping	What are you angry about?

Mu Xinping	I think you're acting spooky too.

Zheng Weiguo	How can I not be angry? I didn't send them to school to believe in God.

Zheng Weiguo	I was paving the way for them to become officials, to be successful.

Zheng Weiguo	I would rather let them smoke, drink, play mahjong and gamble than believe in God.

Zheng Weiguo	The children of a CCP member must follow the CCP!

Zheng Weiguo	Communist families are absolutely not allowed to believe in God!

Mu Xinping	Well,

Mu Xinping	as long as they are following the right path, we should agree with them.

Mu Xinping	But the CCP officials would rather let the people commit crime and live in sin

Mu Xinping	than believe in God and do good.

Mu Xinping	What has the world come to?

Mu Xinping	Hey, is this the machismo of a father?

Mu Xinping	Is this the great sentiments of the communists?

Mu Xinping	Oh, you CCP officials. You gave up the Marxism–Leninism communist beliefs

Mu Xinping	and picked up Confucian-Mencian theory as a life-saving straw.

Mu Xinping	You should practice "Harmony is top-priority, forbearance valuable." That would be great!

Mu Xinping	Let it be!

Zheng Weiguo	Eh, where did you learn these words from?

Zheng Weiguo	When did you see through the CCP?

Zheng Weiguo	CCP officials smoke, drink, play mahjong, gamble and womanize all day.

Zheng Weiguo	That also takes skills.

Mu Xinping	Oh, stop it.

Zheng Weiguo	They have the power. Can we interfere with them?

Zheng Weiguo	Why do I block and oppose the children's belief in God?

Zheng Weiguo	I am afraid that they will be arrested by the government.

Zheng Weiguo	If they go to prison, what are we going to do?

Zheng Weiguo	Where are we going to hide our faces?

Zheng Weiguo	How will people look at us? How?

Zheng Weiguo	The CCP is atheistic and materialistic and the children of a communist believe in God and follow God;

Zheng Weiguo	isn't it a disgrace to the CCP?

Zheng Weiguo	Can I be an official for long?

Zheng Weiguo	Xiaoyi and Xiaorui so resolutely believe in God.

Zheng Weiguo	If I don't hinder them, they will preach the gospel everywhere. It can easily get them arrested and sent to jail.

Zheng Weiguo	Why can't you see it?


Zheng Weiguo	What you call "Harmony is top-priority, forbearance valuable" needs to be applied according to the subject and case.

Zheng Weiguo	The saying doesn't apply to our children's belief in God.

Zheng Weiguo	The CCP stresses suppression, arrest and persecution of those who believe in God.

Zheng Weiguo	We can't be lenient to our own children's belief in God.

Zheng Weiguo	This is the only feasible way. Don't you understand?

Mu Xinping	When you put it this way, it is quite the case. I can understand where you are coming from.

Mu Xinping	If we had to blame someone, we would say the CCP is good for nothing.

Mu Xinping	Why can't it do the right thing for once?

Mu Xinping	Oh! The only thing it is incapable of is doing something practical for the people.

Mu Xinping	Instead, they only ponder on arresting and persecuting those who believe in God,

Mu Xinping	only worry about perpetuating its rule. This is just too selfish and despicable.

Mu Xinping	It really doesn't care a whit about the life and death of the ordinary people!

Mu Xinping	Whether it can hold onto power or not has a lot to do with the will of Heaven.

Mu Xinping	It has nothing to do with those who believe in God.

Mu Xinping	Since the government provides for freedom of belief, then don't arrest and persecute those who believe in God,

Mu Xinping	shattering their families and rendering them homeless.

Mu Xinping	And then it has the nerve to shift the blame of ruining their families to their belief in God.

Mu Xinping	Isn't it a travesty of the facts?

Mu Xinping	Is it a criminal offense to believe in God in China?

Mu Xinping	What has the world come to? I just don't get it.

Mu Xinping	Hey, if you could support and safeguard the children's belief in God,

Mu Xinping	wouldn't the war in our family disappear?

Mu Xinping	When there is harmony in the family, there is happiness.

Mu Xinping	Don't you agree?

Zheng Weiguo	It is easy for you to say. The CCP is in power after all.

Zheng Weiguo	Government officials at all levels have to listen to the central leadership.

Zheng Weiguo	The central leadership hates God most; it is dedicated to opposing God. Who can change it?

Zheng Weiguo	Had the Central Committee not issued secret documents to order them,

Zheng Weiguo	government officials at all levels wouldn't bother to arrest and persecute those who believe in God.

Zheng Weiguo	I also see that China indeed does not have the blessings of Heaven.

Zheng Weiguo	For more than 60 years since the CCP came to power, there has never been a propitious time,

Zheng Weiguo	one disaster following another.

Zheng Weiguo	I also discern that there is no happy ending in following the CCP.

Zheng Weiguo	If one is not careful, he might end up being the arch villain and face retribution.

Zheng Weiguo	Many government officials are worried about this too.

Zheng Weiguo	No one knows how it will be in a few years. They are just living one day at a time.

Mu Xinping	What do you think we should do?

Mu Xinping	I think the present situation is really dangerous.

Mu Xinping	Not only does the CCP refuse to repent, it is increasingly autocratic.

Mu Xinping	It keeps fantasizing using violent suppression to maintain political power. How long can it last?

Mu Xinping	Now we should consider for the long-term.

Mu Xinping	The children want to believe in God, let them. We have to consider about the children's future.

Mu Xinping	Isn't it a little too selfish for you to only consider about your own prestige?

Mu Xinping	Any way you put it,

Mu Xinping	the CCP won't last when it so neurotically suppresses and persecutes those who believe in God.

Mu Xinping	Perhaps there will be freedom of belief in China one day.

Mu Xinping	Eh, that might also be the time when the catastrophe arrives. Naturally, there will be freedom of belief.

Mu Xinping	Do you think it is far from the catastrophe now?

Mu Xinping	If the children take the right path of believing in God, they will go to heaven.

Mu Xinping	We don't believe in God, yet we also do evil and resist God. We will definitely go to hell when we die.

Mu Xinping	This is the path we have chosen. We have no one to blame but ourselves.

Zheng Weiguo	We will go to hell when we die?

Zheng Weiguo	Humph! What heaven and hell, I just don't believe it!

Zheng Weiguo	Anyhow, we cannot let Xiaoyi and Xiaorui go out to preach the gospel and witness for God.

Zheng Weiguo	It is too dangerous!

Zheng Weiguo	If they are arrested and jailed, they might be crippled by torture.

Zheng Weiguo	Their whole life will be ruined.

Zheng Weiguo	You see how tough their personalities are. They don't even give in to me when I talk to them like this.

Zheng Weiguo	Do you think they will give in to the interrogation of Public Security Bureau?

Zheng Weiguo	You should be able to imagine the consequence.

Zheng Weiguo	I will certainly be implicated by them and unable to keep my official position.

Zheng Weiguo	By then, who will be left to look up upon us?

Zheng Weiguo	Can we still live in a luxury house and drive around in an expensive car?

Zheng Weiguo	Can you still wear diamond and gold and lead an aristocratic lifestyle?

Zheng Weiguo	Everything will be gone! We will have to suck wind!

Zheng Weiguo	Can you see the consequence?

Zheng Weiguo	You don't even recognize what's in front of you, and you worry about the future?

Neighbor Zhang	Have you just got off work?

Zheng Yi	We have just come back. Sister Zhang, are you going out?

Neighbor Zhang	Yes.

Zheng Rui	Mom, let's listen to my brother read passages of Almighty God's word, okay?

Mu Xinping	Fine.

Zheng Yi	Right, mom. Let me read a passage to you.

Mu Xinping	Okay, you go ahead and read. I'm listening.

Zheng Yi	"How many creatures are there living and reproducing in the vast expanse of the universe,

Zheng Yi	following the law of life over and over, adhering to one constant rule.

Zheng Yi	Those who die take with them the stories of the living,

Zheng Yi	and those who are living repeat the same tragic history of those who have died.

Zheng Yi	And so mankind can't help but ask itself: Why do we live? And why do we have to die?

Zheng Yi	Who is in command of this world? And who created this mankind?

Zheng Yi	Was mankind really created by Mother Nature?

Zheng Yi	Is mankind really in control of its own fate? …

Zheng Yi	Mankind does not know who is the Sovereign of all things in the universe,

Zheng Yi	much less does he know the beginning and future of mankind.

Zheng Yi	Mankind merely lives, perforce, amidst this law.

Zheng Yi	None can escape it and none can change it,

Zheng Yi	for among all things and in the heavens

Zheng Yi	there is but One from everlasting to everlasting who holds sovereignty over everything.

Zheng Yi	He is the One who has never been beheld by man,

Zheng Yi	the One whom mankind has never known,

Zheng Yi	in whose existence mankind has never believed,

Zheng Yi	yet He is the One who breathed the breath into mankind's ancestors and gave life to mankind.

Zheng Yi	He is the One who supplies and nourishes mankind for its existence,

Zheng Yi	and guides mankind up to the present day.

Zheng Yi	Moreover, He and He alone is whom mankind depends on for its survival.

Zheng Yi	He holds sovereignty over all things and rules all living beings beneath the universe.

Zheng Yi	He commands the four seasons, and it is He who calls forth wind, frost, snow, and rain.

Zheng Yi	He gives mankind sunshine and brings the coming of night.

Zheng Yi	It was He who laid out the heavens and earth, providing man with mountains, lakes and rivers and all the living things within them.

Zheng Yi	His deed is everywhere, His power is everywhere, 

Zheng Yi	His wisdom is everywhere, and His authority is everywhere.

Zheng Yi	Each of these laws and rules are the embodiment of His deed, and every one of them reveals His wisdom and authority.

Zheng Yi	Who can exempt themselves from His sovereignty? And who can discharge themselves from His designs?

Zheng Yi	All things exist beneath His gaze, and moreover, all things live beneath His sovereignty.


Zheng Yi	His deed and His power leave mankind with no choice but to acknowledge the fact that He really does exist

Zheng Yi	and holds sovereignty over all things."

Driver	Minister Zheng, you don't look too well.

Driver	You can't just keep working. You need to pay attention to your health too!

Zheng Weiguo	There is little I can do about it!

Zheng Weiguo	I had a meeting in the province today. The Central Committee again called for stepping up the crackdown on house churches,

Zheng Weiguo	especially on Eastern Lightning. We must do our utmost to eliminate it completely.

Zheng Weiguo	These years, the government has spared no effort in suppressing and banning The Church of Almighty God.

Zheng Weiguo	Yet the development of Eastern Lightning has been increasingly rapid. Now it has expanded overseas.

Zheng Weiguo	It is a real headache!

Zheng Yi	Mom, how did you feel after listening to the word of Almighty God?

Mu Xinping	Ah, it is mind-blowing. It was my first time listening to it.

Mu Xinping	It is not something that an ordinary person can say.

Mu Xinping	I need to take some time to really read this book.

Zheng Yi	Mom, we still have a lot of hymns in the church—

Mu Xinping	Oh, your dad is back. Put away the book.

Mu Xinping	Quickly.

Zheng Rui	Dad, you're back.

Zheng Weiguo	Mhm.

Zheng Yi	You're back, dad.

Zheng Weiguo	Mhm.

Zheng Weiguo	It's good that you are both here. I have something to say to you.

Zheng Yi	What is it, dad? Tell us.

Zheng Weiguo	I want to talk about your belief in God again.

Zheng Weiguo	Do you know clearly who created The Church of Almighty God?

Zheng Weiguo	I have worked half a lifetime for the United Front, studying religions for decades.

Zheng Weiguo	It's fair to say that I understand various kinds of religions rather well.

Zheng Weiguo	For more than two decades, we have mainly studied The Church of Almighty God.

Zheng Weiguo	According to the government's propaganda materials,

Zheng Weiguo	The Church of Almighty God was founded by someone named Zhao in northeastern China.

Zheng Weiguo	This man is the high priest of The Church of Almighty God. He is leading the Church.

Zheng Weiguo	Believers of The Church of Almighty God claim that he is someone used by the Holy Spirit.

Zheng Weiguo	They often listen to the preaching of this person who is used by the Holy Spirit,

Zheng Weiguo	and they listen to him in the administrative work of the church.

Zheng Weiguo	Although you believers of Almighty God read the word of Almighty God, pray in the name of Almighty God,


Zheng Weiguo	regard The Word Appears in the Flesh expressed by Almighty God as canonical doctrine,

Zheng Weiguo	and communicate the word of Almighty God in your congregation,

Zheng Weiguo	in any case, this person is the one who has the final say in The Church of Almighty God.

Zheng Weiguo	So we are certain that The Church of Almighty God was created by this person.

Zheng Weiguo	Both the CCP and the religious community characterize The Church of Almighty God as an organization of man.

Zheng Weiguo	I think it is true.

Zheng Weiguo	Do you understand this?

Zheng Yi	Dad, the CCP has studied The Church of Almighty God for more than 20 years,

Zheng Yi	do you mean that is the result of such a study?

Zheng Yi	Then tell me, who founded Christianity and Catholicism?

Zheng Yi	Could it be Paul or Peter who was the founder?

Zheng Yi	Who founded Judaism?

Zheng Yi	Could it be Moses?

Zheng Yi	Isn't it absurd?

Zheng Yi	Dad, you atheists have never acknowledged the existence of God,

Zheng Yi	not to mention the fact of God's incarnation.

Zheng Yi	No matter the incarnate Christ has expressed how much truth, accomplished how much work,

Zheng Yi	and brought how much salvation to mankind,

Zheng Yi	don't you all endeavor to deny, cover up and condemn Him?

Zheng Yi	Dad, do you think that Christianity and Catholicism were founded by man,

Zheng Yi	so these are organizations of man?

Zheng Yi	This is your greatest absurdity.

Zheng Yi	Had the Lord Jesus not appeared to work, no believers or followers of the Lord would have been engendered,


Zheng Yi	let alone the creation of Christianity.

Zheng Yi	Isn't this the fact?

Zheng Yi	How could the apostles have created a church on the merit of their own giftedness alone?

Zheng Yi	Dad, can you go by people's reception of the leadership and shepherding of Peter, John and other apostles

Zheng Yi	and say that Christianity was founded by the apostles, hence it is an organization of man?

Zheng Yi	Dad, The Church of Almighty God was begotten entirely by the appearance and work of Almighty God.

Zheng Yi	It was because people heard the voice of God from many truths expressed by Almighty God

Zheng Yi	that they returned before God and coalesced into the church.

Zheng Yi	Upon appearing to work, Almighty God personally witnessed the man used by the Holy Spirit,

Zheng Yi	who is the leader of The Church of Almighty God.

Zheng Yi	Just as Moses in the Age of Law and the apostles in the Age of Grace,


Zheng Yi	he is the man used by God

Zheng Yi	to do his duty to water, shepherd and lead the chosen people of God.

Zheng Yi	Dad, your Communist Party denies God's work and all the truths expressed by God,

Zheng Yi	even denying that the One believed in and followed by the chosen people of God is the incarnate God.

Zheng Yi	Isn't there an ulterior motive?

Zheng Yi	Had it not been the appearance and work of Almighty God,

Zheng Yi	The Church of Almighty God would not have been begotten, and it would not exist.

Zheng Yi	This is an undeniable fact.

Zheng Yi	The CCP is consciously aware that the Christians of The Church of Almighty God pray in the name of Almighty God.

Zheng Yi	What they read and communicate in congregation is the word of Almighty God.

Zheng Yi	Why does the CCP still tell such glaring lies?

Zheng Yi	The One God's chosen people of The Church of Almighty God believe in is Almighty God.

Zheng Yi	God's chosen people follow the leadership of the man who is used by the Holy Spirit according to the word of Almighty God.

Zheng Yi	This is a fact.

Zheng Rui	Dad, you will know clearly when I read two passages of Almighty God's word to you.

Zheng Rui	Almighty God says, "The work carried out by the one who is used by God

Zheng Rui	is in order to cooperate with the work of Christ or the Holy Spirit.

Zheng Rui	This man is raised up by God among man, he is there to lead all of God's chosen ones,

Zheng Rui	and he is also raised up by God in order to do the work of human cooperation. …

Zheng Rui	He who is used by God, on the other hand, is someone who has been prepared by God, and who possesses a certain caliber, and has humanity.

Zheng Rui	He has been prepared and made perfect in advance by the Holy Spirit, and is completely led by the Holy Spirit,

Zheng Rui	and, particularly when it comes to his work, he is directed and commanded by the Holy Spirit—

Zheng Rui	as a result of which there is no deviation on the path of leading God's chosen ones,

Zheng Rui	for God surely takes responsibility for His own work,

Zheng Rui	and God does His own work at all times."

Zheng Rui	Dad,

Zheng Rui	in "The Ten Administrative Decrees That Must Be Obeyed by God's Chosen People in the Age of Kingdom,"

Zheng Rui	the seventh administrative decree also states clearly:

Zheng Rui	"In work and matters of the church, apart from obeying God,

Zheng Rui	in everything you should follow the instructions of the man who is used by the Holy Spirit.

Zheng Rui	Even the slightest infraction is unacceptable. You must be absolute in your compliance, and must not analyze right or wrong;

Zheng Rui	what's right or wrong has nothing to do with you. You must only concern yourself with total obedience."


Zheng Rui	Dad, God's chosen people's acceptance of the leadership and watering of the man used by the Holy Spirit

Zheng Rui	is practicing God's word and obeying God.

Zheng Rui	When your CCP studied The Church of Almighty God, why didn't it take the time to read Almighty God's word?

Zheng Rui	Why hasn't it seen the ten administrative decrees of Almighty God?

Zheng Rui	Why didn't you seek from God's chosen people of The Church of Almighty God

Zheng Rui	and let them communicate the truth to you?

Zheng Rui	You merely studied The Church of Almighty God from the outside

Zheng Rui	without reading Almighty God's word and understanding God's work,

Zheng Rui	how could you really understand The Church of Almighty God?

Zheng Yi	Dad, why does the CCP government keep saying that The Church of Almighty God is an organization of man?

Zheng Yi	Why hasn't it said a word about the incarnate God?

Zheng Yi	Why hasn't it mentioned a word about the book The Word Appears in the Flesh?

Mu Xinping	Why?

Zheng Yi	Actually, what the CCP fears most is the truth expressed by Almighty God,

Zheng Yi	because the CCP knows deep down that all the believers of Almighty God

Zheng Yi	have accepted Almighty God after reading the book The Word Appears in the Flesh.

Zheng Yi	So the CCP distracts people's attention by

Zheng Yi	saying that The Church of Almighty God is an organization of man created by man

Zheng Yi	to intentionally conceal the fact of Almighty God, Christ of the last days, appearing to work,

Zheng Yi	so people will pay attention to this person.

Zheng Yi	The CCP does this in order to stop people from believing in and following God.

Zheng Yi	This is its real purpose.

Zheng Yi	The CCP distorts the facts and asserts that the church where God appears to work is an organization of man.

Zheng Yi	This is the CCP's excuse for suppressing and persecuting God's church.

Mu Xinping	Mhm.

Zheng Yi	The CCP is too cunning and vicious!

Zheng Yi	Dad, isn't what I said the truth?

Zheng Yi	You have to distinguish between them. You must not listen to the rumors of the CCP anymore!

Zheng Weiguo	Enough, don't say anymore!

Zheng Weiguo	Do you know that

Zheng Weiguo	if these words of yours are heard by the CCP, there is going to be troubles?

Zheng Weiguo	I know too well what the CCP is capable of doing.

Zheng Weiguo	Haven't you seen it clearly?

Zheng Yi	Dad,

Zheng Yi	about what the CCP is capable of doing, of course you know it better than us.


Zheng Yi	Then why do you still believe in the nonsense of the CCP?

Zheng Yi	You should also think carefully, why does the CCP so wantonly defame and smear The Church of Almighty God,

Zheng Yi	creating all kinds of misguided public opinions

Zheng Yi	to incite and mislead the people of China and the world to stand up against and condemn The Church of Almighty God?

Zheng Yi	Isn't it just to reach its evil purpose of thoroughly banning the work of Almighty God in the last days

Zheng Yi	as well as banning The Church of Almighty God?

Zheng Yi	Isn't everything it does aimed to maintain and perpetuate the stability of the CCP's autocracy?

Zheng Yi	Mankind was created by God.

Zheng Yi	Why does the CCP always compete with God for power and attempt to control mankind?

Zheng Yi	Dad, God expresses the truth, leads, supplies and saves mankind.

Zheng Yi	The CCP spreads all kinds of fallacies such as atheism and evolutionism

Zheng Yi	to delude and corrupt mankind.

Zheng Yi	Everything the CCP does is to resist and act against God.

Zheng Yi	The nature of this problem is too serious.

Zheng Yi	God will definitely direct His wrath at the CCP. It will certainly incur divine retribution!

Zheng Yi	At that time,

Zheng Yi	wasn't the Roman regime directly destroyed by God for resisting and persecuting the Lord Jesus?

Zheng Yi	You should have seen this historical fact clearly!

Zheng Yi	Dad, you can no longer resist God. The consequence for resisting God is perdition!

Zheng Rui	That's right, Dad.

Zheng Yi	Dad, if you don't acknowledge the existence of God,

Zheng Yi	look at the kind of retributions that befell those who had resisted God, and you will know there really is God.

Zheng Yi	It is really God who dominates everything.

Zheng Yi	Almighty God says, "Recall the scene in the Bible when God wrought destruction upon Sodom,

Zheng Yi	and think also of how Lot's wife became a pillar of salt.

Zheng Yi	Think back to how the people of Nineveh repented their sins in sackcloth and ashes,

Zheng Yi	and recall what followed after the Jews nailed Jesus to the cross 2,000 years ago.

Zheng Yi	The Jews were expelled from Israel and fled to countries around the world. Many were killed,

Zheng Yi	and the entire Jewish nation was subjected to unprecedented destruction.

Zheng Yi	They had nailed God to the cross—committed a heinous crime—

Zheng Yi	and provoked the disposition of God.

Zheng Yi	They were made to pay for what they did,

Zheng Yi	were made to bear the consequences of their actions.



Zheng Yi	They condemned God, rejected God, and so they had but one fate: to be punished by God.

Zheng Yi	This is the bitter consequence and disaster that their rulers brought upon their country and nation."

Zheng Yi	from The Word Appears in the Flesh

Zheng Yi	Dad, you are attacking and resisting God when you follow the CCP

Zheng Yi	to malign and profane The Church of Almighty God!

Zheng Yi	You ought to hurry and repent. Don't follow the CCP to do evil and resist God!

Zheng Yi	Otherwise, you are bound to be punished by God!

Zheng Weiguo	Shut up! You even want to lecture me.

Zheng Weiguo	You keep saying that anyone who resists Almighty God will be punished. I don't believe what you say!

Zheng Weiguo	Where is God in this world? Where is Christ? Where is any Savior?

Zheng Rui	Dad!

Zheng Weiguo	Let me tell you,

Zheng Weiguo	I am a faithful disciple of Satanist Karl Marx. I am a resolute atheist.

Zheng Weiguo	I don't believe what you say at all!

Zheng Weiguo	I don't care how God will destroy the CCP and what will be our outcome.

Zheng Weiguo	I am a lifelong follower of the CCP. My livelihood comes from the CCP, and I work for the CCP.

Zheng Weiguo	Even if I end up in the bottom of hell with Karl Marx, I will be willing!

Zheng Rui	Dad, we have spoken so clearly to you. Why do you still follow the CCP?

Zheng Rui	Dad, you used to be an understanding person. You weren't like this before. What is happening to you?

Zheng Rui	You don't believe in God, and you also block us from believing in God. Are you muddled?

Zheng Rui	You want to be with Karl Marx in hell. Do you want to drag us to hell too?

Mu Xinping	Xiaorui.

Zheng Rui	You don't even think for us. Are you still our father?

Zheng Weiguo	Say it again!

Mu Xinping	Well, that's enough. Xiaorui!

Zheng Yi	I have seen it clearly.

Zheng Yi	Like the Communist Party, you don't acknowledge the existence of God, and you even resist God.

Zheng Yi	There are many people in the world who acknowledge God.

Zheng Yi	Only the devil does not acknowledge God, only the devil resists God!

Zheng Weiguo	You rebel, how dare you say I am the devil!

Mu Xinping	Zheng Weiguo, what are you doing?! You are insane?!

Zheng Rui	Xiaoyi, are you all right?

Mu Xinping	Xiaoyi, are you okay?

Zheng Weiguo	I say it clearly to you today,



Zheng Weiguo	as long as I am alive, I won't let you believe in Almighty God.

Zheng Weiguo	You make a choice!

Zheng Weiguo	Do you want this home, or do you want to believe in Almighty God?

Zheng Yi	Dad, it is totally justifiable for a creature to worship God.

Zheng Yi	Although you are my father, you have no right to interfere with my belief in God!

Zheng Weiguo	You …

Zheng Yi	I believe in Almighty God. This is my choice!

Zheng Yi	This will never change!

Zheng Rui	Dad!

Zheng Rui	Mankind was created by God. It is the right path of life for man to believe in God and obey God!

Zheng Weiguo	Humph!

Zheng Rui	Since I have chosen to believe in God, I will forge ahead without hesitation.

Mu Xinping	Xiaorui!

Zheng Rui	It is useless for anyone to stop me.

Zheng Weiguo	Fine! Fine!

Zheng Weiguo	I cannot convince you regardless of what I say.

Zheng Weiguo	Since you must believe in God, then we will terminate our relationship as father and son.

Zheng Weiguo	From now on, you are no longer my children.

Zheng Weiguo	It is no longer your home here! You both scram!

Mu Xinping	Zheng Weiguo, what are you saying?

Mu Xinping	Are you senile or deluded by the CCP?

Mu Xinping	How can you say such heartless word?

Zheng Rui	Dad,

Zheng Rui	do you really want us to leave?

Zheng Weiguo	If you want to believe in Almighty God, then get out of here and never come back!

Mu Xinping	Zheng Weiguo, why are you so heartless?

Mu Xinping	Xiaorui, Xiaorui!

Mu Xinping	Xiaoyi! Xiaorui!

Mu Xinping	Xiaorui! Xiaoyi!

Mu Xinping	What do you think you are doing?

Zheng Rui/Zheng Yi	Mom.

Mu Xinping	Weiguo, say something. Make them stay, don't let them go!

Mu Xinping	Stay here!

Mu Xinping	Weiguo, say something! Say something!

Zheng Yi	Dad, Mom, take care of yourselves.

Mu Xinping	Xiaoyi, Xiaorui …

Mu Xinping	Xiaoyi, Xiaorui …

Mu Xinping	Xiaoyi, Xiaorui, come back.

Mu Xinping	Zheng Weiguo Zheng Weiguo, why is your heart so cold?

Mu Xinping	Is your heart made of stone?

Mu Xinping	You follow the CCP to suppress and persecute people who believe in God. You don't even spare your own children.

Mu Xinping	Why are you so obedient to the CCP?

Mu Xinping	The CCP is closer to you than your children?

Mu Xinping	Is the CCP your parents? Why do you sell yourself to it?

Zheng Weiguo	You are correct!

Zheng Weiguo	The CCP is my parents. I sell myself to it!

Zheng Weiguo	Dead or alive, I belong to the CCP!

Zheng Weiguo	Can you stop me?

Zheng Weiguo	If you try to stop me, I will evict you too!

Mu Xinping	Zheng Weiguo, what did you say?

Mu Xinping	Is there anything in your heart other than the CCP?

Mu Xinping	You don't even want your wife and children anymore.

Mu Xinping	Our family has degenerated to this stage, isn't it all because of the CCP?

Mu Xinping	What is the CCP? It is a devilish party, an evil party!

Mu Xinping	You are still holding onto the CCP. You are the devil!

Mu Xinping	You even wanted to evict me.

Mu Xinping	Okay, okay! I don't want to stay with you either!

Mu Xinping	I am fed up with your Red rule,

Mu Xinping	I am going with my children to believe in God!

Mu Xinping	Go to hell with your wretched party!

Zheng Weiguo	Get out of my sight!

Zheng Weiguo	It's over, this home is over!

Zheng Weiguo	What wretched party, wretched government!

Zheng Weiguo	What Red education, what Red rule!

Zheng Weiguo	Go to hell! …

Ending Song	When the people have all been made complete and all the nations of earth become Christ's kingdom,

Ending Song	then will be the time when the seven thunders peal.

Ending Song	The current day is a stride forth in the direction of that stage, the charge has been unleashed on the coming time.

Ending Song	This is God's plan—in the near future it will be realized.

Ending Song	However, God has already accomplished all which He has said.

Ending Song	Thus, it is clear that the nations of earth are but castles in the sand trembling as high tide nears:

Ending Song	The last day is imminent and the great red dragon will topple under God's word. 
