NIGEL	Hello and welcome Thomas fans to another Top Five Sodor Moments. And welcome to my good friend Stan.

STAN 	Hello, Nigel. So what are we looking at today?

NIGEL	Today, Stan we're looking at the Top Five Funniest Moments.

STAN	Ohh! I bet there are some real 'rib-ticklers' in this line-up!

NIGEL	Or as I like to call them, 'piston-rattlers.

STAN	So, straight in at Number Five is... James!

NIGEL	Yes! But at first James didn't see anything funny about pulling freight or carrying waste to the dump...

STAN	No, and as we can see he pulled some pretty grumpy faces. He'll get wrinkles if he keeps doing that.

NIGEL	But luckily for James, his friends pointed out how silly he looked! And soon James began to see the funny side!

STAN	And now he's cheered up a bit, pulling freight doesn't seem so bad after all! I like a story with a happy ending.

NIGEL	But it's not the end yet. 

STAN	Ooh.

NIGEL	We're off to a 'flying start' with Hugo and Skiff. 'Breezing' in at Number Four.

STAN	Now, Skiff likes a good sea breeze to help him whizz along the tracks. But what's going on here?

NIGEL	It looks like Hugo's propeller is causing a gust of wind sending Skiff hurtling down the tracks.

STAN	That looks like pretty good fun. 

NIGEL	An absolute blast, Stan!

STAN	Very funny. And now it looks like The Fat Controller’s having a try! 

STAN	Oohh! That didn't go so well!

NIGEL	<laughs> I'm sure he'll get the hang of it. Next?

STAN	Next, bouncing in at number three is... Thomas!

NIGEL	Thomas can't bounce in Stan. He's much too heavy!

StAN 	Ah well anyway, Thomas caused an accident with some bouncy balls at the docks and lots of funny things happened.

NIGEL	That's the thing with bouncy balls. Once they're free there's just no stopping them! Nice catch!

STAN	Ohhh, and another great save!

NIGEL	And there's Thomas looking a bit sheepish. But certainly a very funny moment.

STAN	Certainly was. Although I wouldn't want to pick up all those bouncy balls....

NIGEL	Now, in at Number Two is Gordon! ...And some paint.

STAN	Yes, now as we can see this telephone box is getting a nice new coat of paint.

NIGEL	And this workman's looking very pleased with it.

STAN	Ohh, and now he's knocked the paint onto the track. This is looking like a textbook comedy set-up.

NIGEL	I see what you mean! Here comes Connor and he's going to run right into that paint...

STAN	Gordon's seen the paint too. Ooh this is gonna get messy!

NIGEL	Connor speeds past and... Yes! Gordon's got splattered with bright red paint!

STAN 	And the workman looks suitably embarrassed. He's good at side-stepping Isn't he? 

NIGEL	So out with number two and in with our Number One funny moment!

STAN	That's right and in at number one is... Our very own Fat Controller!  

NIGEL	Ahhh, yes! Here we find The Fat Controller all at sea being pestered by a pesky seabird.

STAN	Ooh yes it looks like this seagull's taken a shine to that famous hat. Ohh! And now he's dropped his oar!

NIGEL	How 'oar' full! 

STAN	Now The Fat Controller will have to walk home!

NIGEL	How’s he gonna walk home? He’ll just stay in the boat and wait to be rescued. 

STAN	Er yes, that's probably his best option. Very funny, though. Well, until next time...

NIGEL	Hey, I've got a funny joke. How do you find a missing engine?

STAN	When we see you again for more Top Five Sodor Moments!

NIGEL	<laughing> You follow it's tracks! Ha! Ha! Ha! (Mad laughter at his own joke)

STAN	...I don't get it.
