MALE VO	The following is a paid presentation for Tree Dazzler brought to you by BulbHead.

SUPERS	The following is a paid presentation for

MALE VO	Can you believe it? Christmas is right around the corner! And putting up those Christmas tree lights is gonna be a headache! The time! The tangles. What a hassle! And it’s the same lights as last year. What a bore! How about putting your Christmas tree lights up in under three minutes! Imagine being able to have different displays for different days. It’s time to wow your tree and forget everything you know about Christmas lights! And get ready for Tree Dazzler by Star Shower. The sensational new way to illuminate your tree in under three minutes.

SUPERS	Can you believe it? CHRISTMAS IS RIGHT AROUND THE CORNER! What A Hassle! BORING! Under 3 Minutes 

Testimonial	Three minutes to wow! Literally.

Montage	Where has this been all my life? Our tree is absolutely amazing. 	The colors are so vibrant. Why didn’t somebody think of this before?

MALE VO	In the next few minutes you’ll discover how you can take your tree from ordinary to Extraordinary! With this brand new Christmas tree lighting system that has 16 dazzling displays! It’s brand new for Christmas! Introducing Tree Dazzler! And now, your hosts Joe Fowler and Mindy McCourtney!
TRANSITION	Snowflake transition

SUPERS	16 Dazzling Displays
	
TRANSITION	Snowflake transition

JOE 	How amazing is this Mindy?

MINDY 	I know Joe! Everywhere you look Tree Dazzler is simply breath taking! And we 

MCCOURTNEY	are so happy to be back together to bring you the biggest thing in Christmas decorating, ever!

JOE	The makers of the number one holiday laser lights, Star Shower, they’ve done it again. Introducing Tree Dazzler! What’s most amazing, all these displays lighting displays that you see come from one Tree Dazzler. 16 custom displays! 

MINDY	I know, it’s so hard to believe, but all from just one product!

JOE	We’ve got to show you how this works… Come on!

MINDY 	Oh Joe, I love this time of year. I love decorating the tree! This is so cool!

JOE	But we all know what the hard part is, right?

MINDY	Oh my gosh, stringing those lights around the tree, right?

JOE	That’s too much work. Tree Dazzler solves that problem. Watch this everybody. You take Tree Dazzler put over the top of tree, just like that, and then look. The bulbs just drape down the tree…

MINDY	It’s so simple!

JOE	…And you put them wherever you wanna put them! And you’ll notice, there are no tangled lights here!

MINDY	Exactly, think about it, with the old fashioned lights, you know even if you try really hard to put them back in the box, what happens? They’re a tangled mess when you pull them out each year!

JOE	Setting them up is as easy as 1-2-3. 

MINDY	Look at that!

JOE	One, take it out of the box. Two, put it on top of the tree. And three, are you ready for three?

MINDY	I’m ready!

JOE	Push the button!

MINDY	Whoa! Look at that! Isn’t that beautiful? Look it… I love the size of the bulbs and they’re so bright!

JOE	And, they don’t get hot. They stay cool to the touch and that’s important so you can use them on artificial trees, real trees, doesn’t matter.

MINDY	Exactly, and you never have to worry about those tangled messes with the old fashioned string lights or what about when you finally get them on the tree, you plug them in and ugh! Half the strand is burned out! 

JOE	That’s never going to happen with Tree Dazzler. In fact, we have a 10 year stay bright guarantee. These lights are not going to burn out. 
MINDY	That’s right. With the all new Tree Dazzler, look what you get. A one person job, it takes less than 3 minutes, it’s quick, it’s easy and it’s just so beautiful!

JOE	And what’s so amazing here is that you get 16 dazzling displays all with one control. Mindy, what’s your favorite color?

MINDY	Umm, green!

JOE	Green? Here’s your green right there! I like blue. Look at this blue!

MINDY	Beautiful!

JOE	This isn’t just a baby blue; this is a bold blue! And white! It goes with everything.

MINDY	Absolutely. Any décor.

JOE	Red and white.

MINDY	Look at this Candy Cane! I love it!

JOE	Whatever your favorite color is. Look! We’ve got your color. We’ve got your display. And it’s just not about stills. We can push this button here and now it’s shimmering! 

MINDY	Ooo yeah! You see the movement happening? Look watch that! Pretty! 

JOE	Randomly! Look at the green. Randomly go on and off. 

MINDY	It brings it to life.

JOE 	It does bring it to life!

MINDY	Yeah, uh huh! Each bulb has a life of its own. Doesn’t it?

JOE	Ooo look at that. 

MINDY	Oh that reminds me of the Japanese cherry blossom! Pink and purple!

JOE	And the multi-colors. See, all right here, I’m just pushing a button and wowing me! Look at all the different looks! But wait, wait, wait. I can go to a show setting. 

MINDY	Okay.

JOE	Here it is right here. Just push the button on show and streaming colors at your fingertips! I got a Christmas Scroll for ya, look at this. This just says Christmas big time right here! 

MINDY	Yes it does.

JOE	You can’t get that with traditional lights!

MINDY	You know I love? Everybody in the family can choose whatever they want and keep it on that setting, right?

JOE 	That’s right! Hey, here we go. Multi-color cascade!

MINDY	Ooo that’s kinda soothing and pretty, isn’t it?

JOE	Wait, wait, wait. You want soothing? 

MINDY	Yeah, I do!

JOE	I’ll just slow it down. Watch this… Relaxing rainbow fade.

MINDY	Completely transforms your tree! With just a click of a button!

JOE 	And now a little drum roll… Brrrrrrrr…

MINDY	Okay! 

JOE	The 8 color spin! 

MINDY	Wooooooo!

JOE	Hello! Haha!

MINDY	Haha! That one’s fun! 

JOE	I love.. It is too much fun, isn’t it? 

MINDY	Yeah, yup.

JOE	16 dazzling displays. One unique controller. And you only get it with Tree Dazzler! But it gets even better. Take a look at this

SUPERS	16 Custom Displays No Tangled Lights Solid Red Lights Cool to the Touch Works on Any Tree 3 Minute Set Up Quick and Easy Beautiful! 16 Dazzling Displays With One Controller Solid Green Lights Solid Blue Lights Solid White Lights Red & White Lights
	Candy Cane! Multi-Colored Lights Shimmering Effect Pink and Purple Lights Multi-Colored Lights Streaming Colors Christmas Scroll Multi-Color Cascade Relaxing Rainbow Fade 8 Color Spin 16 Dazzling Displays One Unique Controller 

TRANSITION	Snowflake transition 

Male	Tree Dazzler has so many wonderful settings. Stills, shimmers, shows. But my 

Testimonial	absolute favorite is the Christmas Scroll. Tree Dazzler is great. It’s easy to put on. The lights are brighter. The colors are magnificent. And I just love it. It’s wonderful for our home. The girls have their favorite settings but I have my favorite settings too. And I can always tell which one of them has snuck in and changed it from mine. But we have a little fun with it. It has absolutely changed the way we decorate forever.

TRANSITION	Snowflake transition

JOE	So what’s better than one Tree Dazzler?

MINDY	What Joe?!

JOE 	Two Tree Dazzlers!

MINDY	You’re right!

JOE	And their built to stack. So I stacked one on top of the other. Isn’t this great?

MINDY	Clever! You can double your dazzle!

JOE	That’s right! Twice the brightness! Twice the light! You can have more fun with it too.

MINDY	Oh absolutely!

JOE 	You can have more fun with it too! In fact, take this controller. Why don’t you click on blue.

MINDY	Okay! There it is, blue!

JOE	Oh I like this.

MINDY	Blue green is pretty!  

JOE	What if you change your mind on colors? Like I’m going to do right now. You can come up with something very patriotic! 

MINDY	Ooo now isn’t that something! Beautiful!

JOE	I love this!

MINDY	I do too!

JOE	Now at our house, we’ve got three Tree Dazzlers.

MINDY	Really? Where do you have your third?

JOE	Look down.

MINDY	Oh look at that! 

JOE	Uh huh!

MINDY	Oh at the bottom of the tree down by the presents! It makes them look so pretty!

JOE	I know! You light up the presents, you light up the skirt of the tree. It’s gorgeous.

MINDY	Absolutely. Top to bottom, the Tree Dazzler is going to make your tree look amazing.

SUPERS	Built to Stack Twice the Brightness 	Twice the Light

TRANSITION	Snowflake transition

Older Woman	Look at our tree. It is absolutely beautiful. 

Older Man	In the past, I had to get the lights out of the box, untangle them, which is a real

Testimonial	chore, string them on the tree and it was a real hassle.

Older Woman	All the lights work. Then we would put them on the tree and inevitably, there is a strand that doesn’t work. 

Older Man	With the Tree Dazzler, I can get them out of the box and onto the tree, with a brilliant display, in less than three minutes.

Older Woman	The remote is so easy to use. I mean it’s 3 buttons. How hard is that?! The lights don’t burn out. They don’t break. And they don’t tangle.

Older Man	The Tree Dazzler is easy to use, lasts for years and it just couldn’t be more beautiful.

TRANSITION	Snowflake Transition

MINDY	There are just so many ways to make Tree Dazzler your very own! Look around at all these stunning trees, right?

JOE	Yes!

MINDY	But Joe, what about the ones that have lights already in them? 

JOE	You mean pre-lit trees?

MINDY	Yes.

JOE	Here’s one right here. A lot of people have pre-lit trees. We’ve got a pre-lit tree. Tree Dazzler is perfect for the pre-lit tree. What do you think of this one?

MINDY	Well, I think it’s a very nice traditional tree.

JOE	Nice? Nice is good. Dazzling! Dazzling is so much better! 

MINDY	Okay dazzle me!

JOE	Okay, here we go!

MINDY	Ooo that is gorgeous now isn’t it?

JOE	We have taken ordinary and look at it, we’ve made it extraordinary! But I’m not done here. Look back here. This is a white tree, just like the one we have at our house and we’ve taken Tree Dazzler and pushed the lights into the interior of the tree. Now it glows and if you change your mind? Go ahead, change the color!

MINDY	Ooo!

JOE	OH! I like that one right there.

MINDY	That looks really good.

JOE	Tree Dazzler is brand new this year. You can be the first to have it in your home! But I’ve gotta tell ya folks, the quantities are very, very limited. So if you want any of these dazzling displays in your home, now’s the time to order your very own Tree Dazzler!

SUPERS	Perfect for Pre-Lit Trees

TRANSITION	Snowflake transition

MALE VO	Are your Christmas tree lights an ugly, tangled mess? Do you spend hours hanging them only to find half the strands have burned out bulbs? And what about taking them down after Christmas? What a mess! That’s why you need Tree Dazzler, by Star Shower! Take your tree from Ordinary to extraordinary in less than 3 minutes! That’s right –out of the box and onto the tree in less than 3 minutes - like never before! The Ultimate Christmas tree lighting extravaganza that will transform your tree into a spectacular array of color. Tree Dazzler is simply amazing – there’s nothing like it! Tree Dazzler uses cool to the touch, colorful LED technology to give you a magnificent, colorful display that will blow your family and friends away! Place Tree Dazzler’s patented ring on top of your tree. Then, just turn it on and WOW! You get 16 different light shows.  Incredible! With Tree Dazzler’s simple controller, you just press the button and enjoy classical Red, festive Green, or winter wonderland Blue… You also get Snowy White! Whatever your desire, there’s a color for you! There’s even Candy Cane Red and White. Want more? Tree Dazzler’s got it! Tree Dazzler has a shimmer setting – press the button to enjoy 5 shimmering showcases that will twinkle like stars… Your kids will love it and your friends and neighbors will marvel at your tree! But we’ve saved the best till last… The Show button! Press once and watch the lights dance around the tree in a spectacular array of color! From rainbows of illumination to a Christmas scroll – press the button and select the light show that you want! 5 amazing patterns that are stunning to behold. It’s your own personal light show and so easy! “Three minutes to WOW. Literally. Out of the box, on the tree, plug it in and you’re lit.” “Our tree is the most unique, spectacular tree in the neighborhood.” “It is so gorgeous. It looks like it was professionally done.” “It’s going to be my go-to gift for all my friends and family.” Unlike regular lights, Tree Dazzler bulbs won’t shatter or break. And Tree Dazzler’s patented nesting design is easy. You can hang 2 or more and Double the Dazzle! Patterns and possibilities are unlimited and beautiful! And Tree Dazzler works on all kinds of trees! Real trees, artificial trees, white trees, and – if you’ve got a pre-lit tree, it’s amazing! Let’s face it, lighting up a Christmas tree the old fashioned way is a giant headache! The lights get tangled, the bulbs burn out, and it’s never bright enough so you end out with a dull, boring tree… All that is a thing of the past with Tree Dazzler! Your 3-minute lighting solution for the best Christmas tree ever! Tree Dazzler was featured on Shark Tank and has sold for $400! But you won’t pay $400 or even $200, not even $100. Tree Dazzler is only 2 payments of $49.99! But wait, if you order in the next 15 minutes, we will make one payment for you! You can get the incredible Tree Dazzler today for only $49.99! We’ll also include our 10-year Tree Dazzler guarantee! If you and your family, especially the kids, are not singing Christmas carols around the tree in Tree Dazzler delight, send it back for a full and prompt refund. So say goodbye to the terrible tangle of Lights of Christmas Past and say hello to Tree Dazzler! The Tree Dazzler by Star Shower with 16 amazing displays is only $49.99! Supplies are very limited. Don’t be disappointed. So order now to get your Tree Dazzler today! 

SUPERS	Snowflake Transition Under THREE Minutes! Stay Cool LED Bulbs! Just Place It! And Turn It On! 16 Dazzling Displays Candy Cane! Double Dazzle All Kinds of Trees Pre Lit Tree Just Place It! And Turn It On! Kevin O’Leary Shark Tank Investor $400 $200 $100 2 payments of $49.99 +S&H Order in the Next 15 Minutes Just $49.99 +S&H Limited Quantities

JOE	Let’s do a side by side comparison: traditional lights and Tree Dazzler.

MINDY	Well there’s really no comparison. Those are bold and beautiful. Right?

JOE	This is a bundle of brightness! These we’ve seen before and their tough to work with.

MINDY	Oh my gosh yeah. I mean, once you get them out, first you have to untangle them then you have to wrap them around the tree. Right?

JOE	You see, with Tree Dazzler, look, you lift it out of the box, put it on the tree and you just light it up. It’s beautiful. There are no tangles! Now I see you’ve got some lights burned out…

MINDY	Yep, burned out and they also burn hot. It’s just the way they are. 

JOE	Tree Dazzler is cool to the touch. Plus, they will never burn out. We have a 10 year stay bright guarantee. Okay, let’s add some color, come on. I hit the button…

MINDY	Candy cane!

JOE	You got it. Or multi-color!

MINDY	I love that one.

JOE	Wait a minute, look. I love the green too! 

MINDY	Pretty.

JOE	How do you add color to the traditional lights?

MINDY	Well, I guess I’d have to buy a green and a red and then probably a multi-colored strand. 

JOE	That’s not good!

MINDY	No…

JOE	Look I’ve got a shimmer effect. Watch this on the blue. They go in and they go out. Shimmer your lights! 

MINDY	Brings them to life, right?

JOE	Yes!

MINDY	Does that count?

JOE	No! No shimmer right?

MINDY	No shimmer.

JOE	Okay wait, let’s put on a show. All the multi-color. Here’s the Christmas Scroll. This is gorgeous. Put on a show! 

MINDY	Umm, no show Joe. 

JOE	No show. I’ve got 16 dazzling displays with a push of a button.

MINDY	Umm zero displays and no button. 

JOE	Oh... These are meant to be stacked one on top of the other. It’s so simple to do. And when you do it, you double the dazzle. 

MINDY	And I guess I’d have to go buy more lights and double to hassle.

JOE	Hey, it’s obvious. What’s the new number one tree lights? 

JOE & MINDY	Tree Dazzler!

SUPERS	Traditional Lights No Tangles Shimmer Effect Christmas Scroll 16 Dazzling Displays
	Stackable Transition	Snowflake Transition

Testimonial	“From the time I take it out of the box to putting it onto the tree to turning on

Montage	the lights, it’s literally a matter of minutes.”

	“It’s bar none the easiest lighting experience that I’ve ever had.”

	“It looks professions came in and did the tree and it took so long to do but it really only took minutes to do.”

	“The Tree Dazzler has taken the struggle, literally, out of decorating and has made it fun from beginning to end.”

	“One press of the button and your tree is a glow. “

	“Tree Dazzler gives you that warm, beautiful Christmas feeling.”

	“My tree is special now. It can be several different trees in one.”

	“It makes my tree look magical. Like it jumped out of a fairytale!”

	“You have to have a Tree Dazzler.”
Transition	Snowflake Transition 

JOE	Oh Mindy, I love this one right here.

MINDY	Aw, you know what, it reminds me of my tree at home with all the ornaments I’ve collected over the years.

JOE	Yes, look at the still white lights. They highlight the love, the memorabilia and all these collected ornaments. It’s beautiful.

MINDY	Crisp, clean, classic look, right?
JOE	Yep. But, you might change your mind. You might want some color. You might move it a little bit. Well, I can do that! I’ve got the show button. I’m gonna do the Christmas Scroll!

MINDY	Your favorite Joe!

JOE	Isn’t it great?

MINDY	It’s gorgeous, it is. But you know what, as I look at this tree, I think if you went to the all multi-color, it would be even more dramatic. Because then its gonna bring out all the colors of the tree.

JOE	You’re right. 

MINDY	See that!

JOE	Look at this. 

MINDY	Isn’t that gorgeous?

JOE	You see, everyone has their favorite color. Everyone has their favorite display. Well, Tree Dazzler has your color and your display!

MINDY	So, now Joe, speaking of happy, where’s that white tree that we saw?

JOE	Right over there! Right over there!

MINDY	Yep, let’s go there.

JOE	Oh Mindy, I am so proud of this tree, you know why?

MINDY	Why?

JOE	This is what we do back in Colorado! We take the Tree Dazzler and push it into interior, behind the branches, so what do you have? The tree glows now! 

MINDY	It really does. It is gorgeous. It makes me want to put up a white tree this year!

JOE	Yeah! But look, you can change the color and change the whole look of the tree. 

MINDY	Umm Hmm.

JOE	It’s glowing! It’s beautiful from the inside out! It just shines! Let’s do the multi-color. Oh wow!

MINDY	And every look, you know, is different. 

JOE	Yes!

MINDY	Each time you click the button!
JOE	Picture this… it’s Winter, the lights are low and your tree has a glow. In fact, you know what, can we kill all the lights? Let’s lower all the lights. I want you to see what we enjoy back in Colorado. 

MINDY	Ooo!

JOE	Let me put the red on. Watch this!

MINDY	Ohhh!

JOE	Ohhh!

MINDY	It really is glowin now!

JOE	Watch the green!

MINDY	Ooo!

JOE	I just, I love every one of these looks.

MINDY	And, just think about it, that’s with just one Tree Dazzler! You can get this look.

JOE	Good point. This might be my favorite.

MINDY	Now Joe, did you happen to look around too at all of these gorgeous trees around us? All the possibilities you have with your Tree Dazzler! And, it doesn’t just change the look of the tree, you actually change the way the tree looks itself. Over and over again! It’s really amazing!

JOE	We know you’re going to love Tree Dazzler. Your family is gonna love Tree Dazzler. Now’s the time to put the dazzle in your Christmas. 

SUPERS	Show Button Christmas Scroll Multi-Colored Scroll 16 Dazzling Displays 	Solid Green Lights Solid Blue Lights Mutli-Colored Lights Solid Red Lights

Transition	Snowflake Transition

JOE	We’re in a busy mall in the middle of summer but, we’re going to get everybody into the Christmas spirit. How? We’re gonna surprise them with Tree Dazzler! Come on, this is gonna be fun!

Mall	“My favorite was the shimmer pink and purple. Oh pink’s my favorite! It was 

Testimonial	gorgeous, very vibrant. This is going to be like entertainment in my living room!”

Montage	“I was able to decorate the tree in, like, seconds. As soon as I saw that first color… oh wow, yeah! This is amazing... It just popped! It just made the tree pop.” (JOE: Yes! You dazzled the tree!) “Love it!”	“It’s gorgeous. It’s beautiful! I love it. I love it.” “It’s really pretty. It’s really super modern way to decorate the tree.” “Yeah this is great!” (JOE: And you did this is no time!) 	“Nothin!” “The options of the different colors and settings is just fabulous!” “I see green, blue, purple, yellow, red. You can have a different colored tree every night!” “It was like having another tree in your house!” “Wooo!! Whooaaa!!” “With one set of Tree Dazzler lights, everyone’s happy.” “Tree Dazzler is amazing.” “Very simple, very quick, very easy.” “Tree Dazzler is definitely going to be on my tree this year.” “This Christmas I’ll be Tree Dazzling!”

JOE	There you have it! People everywhere are loving the Tree Dazzler. What about you? Do you want to get your hands on the hottest new Christmas product of the year? Well, call or go online right now. But do it now, because quantities are limited! Here’s how to order!

TRANSITION	Snowflake Transition

MALE VO	Are your Christmas tree lights an ugly, tangled mess? Do you spend hours hanging them only to find half the strands have burned out bulbs? And what about taking them down after Christmas? What a mess! That’s why you need Tree Dazzler, by Star Shower! Take your tree from Ordinary to extraordinary in less than 3 minutes! That’s right –out of the box and onto the tree in less than 3 minutes - like never before! The Ultimate Christmas tree lighting extravaganza that will transform your tree into a spectacular array of color. Tree Dazzler is simply amazing – there’s nothing like it! Tree Dazzler uses cool to the touch, colorful LED technology to give you a magnificent, colorful display that will blow your family and friends away! Place Tree Dazzler’s patented ring on top of your tree. Then, just turn it on and WOW! You get 16 different light shows.  Incredible! With Tree Dazzler’s simple controller, you just press the button and enjoy classical Red, festive Green, or winter wonderland Blue… You also get Snowy White! Whatever your desire, there’s a color for you! There’s even Candy Cane Red and White. Want more? Tree Dazzler’s got it! Tree Dazzler has a shimmer setting – press the button to enjoy 5 shimmering showcases that will twinkle like stars…Your kids will love it and your friends and neighbors will marvel at your tree! But we’ve saved the best till last… The Show button! Press once and watch the lights dance around the tree in a spectacular array of color! From rainbows of illumination to a Christmas scroll – press the button and select the light show that you want! 5 amazing patterns that are stunning to behold. It’s like your own personal light show and so easy! “Three minutes to WOW. Literally. Out of the box, on the tree, plug it in and you’re lit.” “Our tree is the most unique, spectacular tree in the neighborhood.” “It is so gorgeous. It looks like it was professionally done.” “It’s going to be my go-to gift for all my friends and family.” Unlike regular lights, Tree Dazzler bulbs won’t shatter or break. And Tree Dazzler’s patented nesting design is easy. You can hang 2 or more and Double the Dazzle! Patterns and possibilities are unlimited and beautiful! And Tree Dazzler works on all kinds of trees! Real trees, artificial trees, white trees, and – if you’ve got a pre-lit tree, it’s amazing! Let’s face it, lighting up a Christmas tree the old fashioned way is a giant headache! The lights get tangled, the bulbs burn out, and it’s never bright enough so you end out with a dull, boring tree… All that is a thing of the past with Tree Dazzler! Your 3-minute lighting solution for the best Christmas tree ever! Tree Dazzler was featured on Shark Tank and has sold for $400! But you won’t pay $400 or even $200, not even $100. Tree Dazzler is only 2 payments of $49.99! But wait, if you order in the next 10 minutes, we will make one payment for you! You can get the incredible Tree Dazzler today for only $49.99! We’ll also include our 10-year Tree Dazzler guarantee! If you and your family, especially the kids, are not singing Christmas carols around the tree in Tree Dazzler delight, send it back for a full and prompt refund. So say goodbye to the terrible tangle of Lights of Christmas Past and say hello to Tree Dazzler! The Tree Dazzler by Star Shower with 16 amazing displays is only $49.99! Supplies are very limited. Don’t be disappointed. So order now to get your Tree Dazzler today! 

SUPERS	Snowflake Transition Under THREE Minutes! Stay Cool LED Bulbs! Just Place It! And Turn It On! 16 Dazzling Displays Candy Cane! Double Dazzle All Kinds of Trees Pre Lit Tree Just Place It! And Turn It On! Kevin O’Leary Shark Tank Investor $400 $200 $100 2 payments of $49.99 +S&H Order in the Next 10 Minutes Just $49.99 +S&H Limited Quantities

JOE	Welcome back folks and thanks for joining us! Mindy, I’m a kid on Christmas day, right now.

MINDY	I know. I just can’t go over how magical every tree looks. There’s not a single dud here. You know, Tree Dazzler really does, even plain trees into bright, glowing, dazzling works of art.

JOE	You go from drab to fab in three minutes or less. There’s no more winding up those individual strands around, and around, and around the tree, uh uh. 

MINDY	No more tangled string lights.

JOE	Tree Dazzler lights are guaranteed for ten years! So you don’t have to worry about a single light burning out and ruining everything else, and they’re always cool to the touch. What does that mean? They’re perfect for artificial trees, they’re perfect for real trees, you name it! And best of all, you get sixteen dazzling displays for one single Tree Dazzler.

MINDY	It really is amazing how you get so many looks from one single set, just like this right here!

JOE	And with Tree Dazzler, you have complete control. Here it is, right here in the palm of my hand, the control. So uh, I’m going to pick a color, I want red. There it is!

MINDY 	Just like that.

JOE	Go ahead pick one.

MINDY	Uh, blue. Give me blue.

JOE	Blue? Blue, blue! I love being able to choose what I want. Oh, when it’s show time, all you do is hit this show button right here, let’s do it. Ah, this is streaming colors. 

MINDY	Isn’t that pretty.

JOE	I know we love this one, I know you do too, Christmas scroll.

MINDY	It really does just burst the Christmas cheer. Doesn’t it? 

JOE	I love playing with this controller, come on! We’re going to get the party started right now! 

TRANSITION	Snowflake Transition

Female	Dave and I love to throw our Christmas party. Our family and friends, they come 

Testimonial	down. They look forward to our party. This year we added the Tree Dazzler and it was amazing. 

Male	I got two different sets. I ran one down the inside of the tree and then one on 

Testimonial	the outside of the tree and it really brought the Christmas tree to life unlike we have ever had in the past.

Female	We could not wait to show it off to our friends and family and they were amazed. Everyone was asking, where did we get it? How could they get one? I know what’s going to be on my Christmas list for everyone this year.

Male	What’s really great is that it kinda kicked the party up a notch like it never has before. I started to show everybody the different kinds of lights and the different dances of the lights and different sparkling segments, and people started singing Christmas carols so it just really made the party better this year than ever before. 

Female	Tree Dazzler made our Christmas party this year magical!

SUPERS	[TREE DAZZLER logo] www.TreeDazzler.com 888-55-1212

TRANSITION	Snowflake Transition

MINDY	It really is true. Different light patterns can create different moods in the room.

JOE	And with traditional lights, what do you have to choose from? Solid lights and constantly blinking lights. Come on. That’s no fun! With Tree Dazzler you can change as often as you want.

MINDY	And then you’re not stuck with that same look for the whole season.

JOE	Right. Well take a look at this tree right here…

MINDY	I love this tree.

JOE	…We’ve got two Tree Dazzlers, one stacked on top of the other, just like that! They’re built so that you can do this, okay. Now, if you have one Tree Dazzler, guess what, you get 16 dazzling displays. But with two, its endless! I’m telling you you can do this all day long and have gorgeous looks. In fact, right now, we’re on still white, on both of them. You take this controller and change it to whatever you want.

MINDY	Okay, I have an idea in mind. Let me get to the blue. I think is pretty! It’s beautiful.

JOE	And it changes the entire look of this tree. 

MINDY	I have never seen anything like this. The possibilities really are endless!

SUPERS	[TREE DAZZLER logo] www.TreeDazzler.com 888-555-1212 Stackable

TRANSITION	Snowflake Transition

Female 	Christmas is always our family’s favorite time of year and we love the 

Testimonial	Tree Dazzler. It’s that little something extra special that really just makes the holiday festive. As a mom, it’s really comforting to me that the Tree Dazzler is so safe for the kids. The lights are bigger than usual. They’re cool to the touch. They are virtually unbreakable. The controller makes it very clear, very easy to create whatever mood you want. Every night the kids take turns choosing a different color, a different display, a different shimmer. They really get excited in making the tree just light up as we count down to the big day. They can also set that mood for those cozy nights in front of the fire leading up to Christmas day. The Tree Dazzler is so much fun. It really has now become part of our family holiday tradition.

SUPERS	[TREE DAZZLER logo] www.TreeDazzler.com 888-555-1212

TRANSITION	Snowflake Transition

JOE	The only thing faster than putting Tree Dazzler on the tree is taking it off the tree and that’s exactly what I’m gonna do right now while you Mindy have to take the traditional lights off that tree.

MINDY	Thanks Joe. 

JOE	Yeah, good luck with that. 

MINDY	Haha!

JOE	Okay, here we go. I’ll show you how to take Tree Dazzler off a tree. You take it up over the top, just like that, and then you pull the bulbs right off the tree. There’s no muss, there’s no fuss, you’re not struggling with strings. And here we go, I unplug and into the box I go. It’s ready for next year. Ta-da! What are you doing?

MINDY	Well, you know what, I’ve got pine needles all over the place now! Haha!

JOE	Bigger, better, bolder lights. More dazzling displays and now, add to it, easy on the tree and easy taking it off the tree. You can’t beat that!

SUPERS	[TREE DAZZLER logo] www.TreeDazzler.com 888-555-1212 Quick and Easy

TRANSITION	Snowflake Transition

Testimonial	“Christmas is wonderful except when you have to undo the tree. But with the  

Montage	Tree Dazzler, no more tangles! You take the ring on the top, you lift it off, 
	the strands follow the ring, you put them in the box and you’re done. It’s like, wow!” “This Tree Dazzler goes on in just minutes and comes off in just seconds.” “It’s easy to put on and it’s easy to take off. It has absolutely changed the way that we decorate forever. It just makes our lives more simpler and better.”
SUPERS	[TREE DAZZLER logo] www.TreeDazzler.com 888-555-1212

TRANSITION	Snowflake Transition

 JOE	Families everywhere are raving about Tree Dazzler. It is this year’s hottest selling Christmas item. It was seen on Shark Tank. In fact, it was a huge hit on Shark Tank. Tree Dazzler really is this year’s number one, must have gift of the year.

MINDY	It’s true. It’s perfect for everyone on your list.

JOE	And it’s brand new! It’s from the makers of Star Shower, so you know it’s gonna be great. Tree Dazzler will change the way you hang lights, forever! 

MINDY	It is the ultimate in Christmas tree lighting. I mean, just look around us! 

JOE	It’s so versatile. It’s so beautiful! But folks, I’ve gotta tell ya something… Quantities are limited. You’ve gotta hurry up and get your Tree Dazzler because now’s the time! Pick up the phone! GO online! But get your Tree Dazzler right now! 

SUPERS	[TREE DAZZLER logo] www.TreeDazzler.com 888-555-1212 Kevin O’Leary
	Shark Tank Investor [STAR SHOWER logo]

TRANSITION	Snowflake Transition

MALE VO	If we’ve said it once, we’ll say it again…Old fashioned Christmas tree lights are a headache to hang, get tangled and look terrible! And, what about taking them down? What a hassle! That’s why you need Tree Dazzler, by Star Shower! Take your tree from Ordinary to extraordinary in less than 3 minutes! This is your last chance to order for the best Christmas tree ever!  Tree Dazzler was featured on Shark Tank and has sold for $400! But you won’t pay $400 or even $200, not even $100. Tree Dazzler is only 2 payments of $49.99! But wait, if you order in the next 5 minutes, we will make one payment for you! You can get the incredible Tree Dazzler today for only $49.99! We’ll also include our 10-year Tree Dazzler guarantee! If you and your family, especially the kids, are not singing Christmas carols around the tree in Tree Dazzler delight, send it back for a full and prompt refund. So say goodbye to the terrible tangle of Lights of Christmas Past and say hello to Tree Dazzler! The Tree Dazzler by Star Shower with 16 amazing displays is only $49.99! Supplies are very limited. Don’t be disappointed. Order now to get your Tree Dazzler today! 

SUPERS	Snowflake Transition [TREE DAZZLER logo] [STAR SHOWER logo] Under THREE Minutes! Kevin O’Leary Shark Tank Investor $400 $200 $100 2 payments of $49.99 +S&H Order in the Next 5 Minutes Just $49.99 +S&H 10 YEAR GUARANTEE! less s&h STAY BRIGHT Limited Quantities
