
(5Weddings)




	
	
	

Rajinder	Blue jeans, magazines, low ridin' rockin' scenes She's gonna have a good time Red bull body shots, show the boys what you got She's lookin' so fine She never dreamed she'd dance in this crazy new world Breakin' in, workin' out in a Cinderella swirl And now she's one all-American girl An all-American girl Big screen movie stars, loud bars, racing cars She's crossin' the line MySpace, pretty face, red, white and blue lace Show me yours, I'll show you mine She never dreamed she'd dance in this crazy new world Breakin' in, workin' out
	

Shania		Mom, I told you you shouldn't eat that. Oh, come on, don't give me that. You know you have to start juicing. I know but you have to do it. It's really important. Bye

Mark	You're late

Shania	The meeting started?
	
Mark		Oh, when you're late, you're usually late for something,  hence, you're late.
	

Shania	Pretty sassy for an intern talkin' to a boss. Stop it!
	
		
Claudia		Oh, my God! Alright, alright. Let's get on it. Whitney Lydia
	Alexa, have you finished that story on winter trends on the city?
	

Alexa	Oh, I'm just waiting on proofs and then it's a go.
	
Claudia		Okay. Light a fire under that photographer's ass, please? 
	
 
Alexa	arrested last time I did that. Lydia
	
	
Mark		And who was boss last night? When do I get to see you again? Shania I got a three times and out rule and you used it all up last night! Oh! - Sorry.
	
Alexa		There she is! Good morning or is it good afternoon?
	
Shania	Sorry. I was held up in the hallway.
	
Lydia	Held up or bent over?
		
Claudia		Okay. Claws in, ladies. I have an announcement. I'm retiring.
	
Lydia	Oh, my God!
	
Alexa	Who's gonna take your place?
	
Claudia		ranking has slipped the last two months in a row. That has to change. We need trend-worthy content. And the person who can get me this will be named Editor-In-Chief of Sterling Online. Shania, Alexa, you two have been shortlisted. Get Whitney and Lydia to help you. Alexa, I will see you in my office tomorrow morning, eight a.m. Remember, only one person can win. Hey, wanna grab a bite? No Bhelpuri snack? Sure?
	

Harbhajan	No, I'm still stuffed from my lunch.

Gopi	(…) 

Merchant	Sir, (…)

Gopi	(…) ?

Merchant	(…)

Gopi	(…) ?

Merchant	(…) Sir, (…)

Gopi	(…) ?

Merchant	(…)

Gopi	(…)?

Merchant	(…)

Gopi	(…)

Merchant	(…)

Gopi	(…) ?

Merchant	(….)

Gopi	(…)

Merchant	(…)
	
	
Harbhajan	(…)
	
Dispatch	Mohali Dispatch 2, Mohali Dispatch 2 over. (…)  area ? We already have officers on it. Over.
	

Harbhajan	Wish we could do some real police work.

Male	(…) ?

Gopi	Why would you want more responsibility? Checking on old people is an easy job.

Claudia		Okay, well, Alexa had some pretty great ideas. You better be bringing your A- game.
	
Shania		Okay, I was thinking, what about something to do with the Amish, like Amish fashion?
	
Claudia		What, like bonnets? That's not fashion, that's boring! Next!
	
Shania		Okay, I've got animal prints, I've got owners and their animals and the power of blue!
	
Claudia	Mm-mm.
	
Shania		Oh, yuck! Don't like my chai cold. Okay, wait a minute. What about the way the 60s designers--
	
Claudia	You know, I was reading an article about all the different ceremonies they have at Indian weddings, it was quite fascinating. Chai's from India, isn't it?
	
Shania	No, Starbucks.
	

Claudia	You ought to do a story on that.
	
Shania	On chai?
	
Claudia	No, India.
	
Shania		On India! Oh, no, no, no, no, no! Weddings in India? I can't think of two things I hate more!
	
Claudia	Yeah, but you'd be perfect for it!
	

Shania	Claudia, I haven't been to India since I was six years old. And I have no desire to ever go back!
	
Claudia	But you're from India!
	
Shania	I am from Orange County!
	
Claudia		Listen, India is hot right now!  Restaurants, movies, call centers, it's everywhere! And there are like a billion Indians, also everywhere. Think about the billion people clicking, liking, sharing, tweeting, trending! Think about it! Editor-In-Chief, Sterling Online, Shania Dhaliwal!
	
Shania		Well, you're good.  Sounds terrific, except, it's not my cup of chai.
	
Claudia	Oh, come on, there's like a dozen ceremonies. So much to cover.
	
Shania	A dozen.That's 12!E297
	
Claudia	I tell you what. You can cover eight.
	
Shania	Five?
	
Claudia	I can live with that. Okay! Five weddings. Use each wedding to showcase a different ceremony. Interview the brides, do a photo Shoot in some gorgeous Indian city, yes.
	
Shania	There's no such thing. I remember bugs, bugs, and bugs. That trip to India singlehandedly turned me arachnophobic.
	
Claudia	Oh, come on.
	
Shania	It's a disability!
	
Claudia	You're going.
		
Old Woman	Who is it? What do you want?

Harbhajan		It's just me a Gopi. We come every week. To check on you.

Old woman	Last week two men knocked. They looked just like you two. I think they were robbers.

Harbhajan	No that was us. Me and Gopi.

Old woman	You better not be here to rob me!

Harbhajan		No, we're not here to rob you. We're just here to get your signature.

Old woman	Why do I need to sign? I don't need protection.  I know Judo. Karate. Jiu Jitsu. I can protect myself Get lost!

Harbhajan	We really need to get a promotion.
	
Shania	Pretending to research eye covers again?
	
Whitney	Yeah, and you're interrupting my REM!
	

Shania	Oh, you gotta help me.
	
Whitney	What's wrong? Pregnant?

Shania	No! I might have to go to India!
	
Whitney	What?
	
Shania	Claudia thinks that that's gonna be the winning feature. And you, you gotta help me come up with another story. But fast, because Claudia's already making all the arrangements.
	
Whitney	Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, I'm sorry! So Claudia Burrell, the woman who's been running one of the top fashion magazines for over 20 years has told you, Shania Dhaliwal, that if you write an Indian-themed story, you may become Editor-In-Chief of Sterling Online.
	
Shania	It's about weddings!  But like lots of 'em!

Whitney	Right, yeah, and that's a problem because...
	
Shania	You know how I feel about marriage and you know how I feel about India.
	
Whitney	And pursuing your dreams?
	
Shania		I'm an arachnophobic. And India is filled with bugs.
	
Whitney	Are you freakin' kidding me? You are turning this down because of a bug-infested country that you have to be in for like a week, two, tops? Use repellent, woman! I mean I guess we're taking orders from Alexa now! Hey, go where your dad is from. Remember he used to tell you about all the places in his village?
	
Shania	Yeah.
	
SSP Avtar		Look, Harbhajan. I'm sensitive to your problem. I really am! Your father was my friend. He was India's hero.
	
Harbhajan	Exactly the reason I shouldn't be doing old folks patrol. Sir, I know you give me all these non-risky assignments because of Mummy Ji. But this is not the reason why I joined the police. It's a big problem for me.
		
SSP Avtar		I can't say no to your Mom. She lost everything when your dad was killed!
	
Harbhajan		I understand. I know she's scared she'll lose me, too. But life is not risk-averse. You know what, that old biji, she's going to kill me one of these days with her stupid jiu jitsu! Seriously, sir, I need something more meaningful.
	
SSP Avtar		Harb. How to make Mummy Ji and you happy, eh? Hmm. Yeah. A journalist from Sterling Magazine in America has filed visa application, through the Ministry of Information. I know it's not terrorist with guns but these foreign journalists can create enough problems with the balance. They all think they are going to uncover some big human rights drama, when they have got plenty of human rights drama in their own backyard! Ministry wants her monitored.
	
Harbhajan	Yeah, so what do you want me to do?
	
SSP Avtar	Escort her, be her liaison officer! She's coming here to photograph wedding and interview brides.
	
Harbhajan	How hard-hitting.
 	
SSP Avtar		One overzealous journalist, and India's reputation is at stake.
	
Harbhajan		These are weddings, sir. Punjabi weddings. The only reputation which is at stake are actually these intoxicated baratis.
	
SSP Avtar	Harb, let's keep it that way! Just make sure she's stayin within her approvals. Keep me updated if she deviates from her research, hmm?
	
Harbhajan	Does that also include color patterns and floral arrangements?
	
SSP Avtar		Sarcasm aside, Harb, this is an important assignment. Or you can go back to checking on the seniors!
		
Shania	Hi, Mom!

Mandy	Hey!
 
Shania	How are you?
	
Mandy	It's been a long time since you were in India.
	
Shania	Oh, and that's the way I'd like it!
	
Mandy		For sleeping on the plane. Oh, I couldn't help it! Can't help it! Okay, After The Sucker Punch!
	
Shania	Okay.
	
Mandy	Hysterical Love.
	
Shania	Alright, okay, thank you!
	
Mandy	What are you doing with my old shirts?
	
Shania	Oh! I just wanted to look the part! Namaste!
	
Mandy	Aww. These were great times.
	
Shania	What, you got me a goodbye present?
	
Mandy		I mean, I'm in and I'm out, Ma. Look at the size of my suitcase.
	
Shania	No, this is a present for someone else in India.
	
Mandy	Who?
	
Shania	Corner of Rose Garden, Old Chandigarh, India? How the heck am I supposed to find this?
	
Mandy	I'm sure there's an app for it.
	
Shania	Mom, I'm not FedEx!
	
Mandy	No, of course not, you're much prettier. This is for your father.
	
Shania		What? We haven't spoken to Dad since I was six. And now we're exchanging gifts?
	
Mandy	It's the picture you snuck out of his suitcase when he left for India. And some other pictures of you, I want him to have them.
	
Shania	Mom, no, why?
	
Mandy	Because he asked for them many times and I was too angry to send them.
	
Shania	Wait. You've been in touch with him?
	
Mandy		Sort of. He called, I hung up, he left messages, I deleted them. It took me a long time to get over the fact that he left just because—

Shania	Mama We've been over this.
	
Mandy		And I know that now! But, Shania, he's a good man.
	
Shania	A good man would not leave his family for that.
	
Mandy	Look, he tried to make it right in so many ways but I didn't let him. But his last message was different. He sounded very sad. I've forgiven him and I think you should try, too, as well. I didn't pack this one but I think you should have it, too.
	
Shania	Oh, yay, happily ever after. Fine.
	
Hostess 1	Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to India. We have landed at Chandigarh Airport. I hope you've enjoyed your flight from New York to Delhi and we look forward to serving you in the future.
	
Host 1	Ladies and gentlemen, the flight from Beijing has landed at New Delhi Airport. You may collect your bags at Baggage Claim…
	
	
Male 1 &2	Hi, yo !
	
Woman 1	Happy Holi ji.

Woman 2	(…)

Shania	What the heck? I knew I shouldn't have come to this stupid, stupid country! Excuse me, sir? Mister? Officer! I was attacked by those people! Unprovoked, attacked! You should find them! You know find? Do you speak English?
	
Harbhajan		Find them for what? To make your clothes more colorful?
	
Shania	What?
	
Harbhajan	I	t's Holi, ma'am. Festival of Color. It happens every year. They're not going to stop for your arrival, you know.
	
Shania	Oh, hey! Hi, are you my liaison officer?
	
Donald	You are from Sterling Magazine?
	
Shania	Yes, yes!
	
Donald	I'm your tip top driver, Donald! Follow me, Madamji, come! – Okay Come this side!
	
Harbhajan		Oh, you gotta be kidding me! I was told you're here to cover weddings. And maybe to reconnect with your Indian roots?
	
Shania	Well, you were told wrong. Wait, why are you following me?
	
Harbhajan	Sad as it is for both of us, I'm not following you, I'm with you.
	
Shania	What is that supposed to mean?
	
Harbhajan	I'm Officer Harbhajan Singh, your liaison officer.F718 And I can protect you from those vicious locals while you're here in India.
	
Shania	And doing such a fabulous job of it! Somebody give this man a raise!
		
Harbhajan		No, thank you. In India, we stick to the basics. You know, good old-fashioned soap.
	
Shania		Basics, huh? How's that workin' out for ya? I'm sorry, that was really mean. I shouldn't have said that. You know what? The airport was actually really nice!
	
Harbhajan		Come, Ms. Dhaliwal. I'm so glad we did not disappoint you on all levels. Thank you. See? Over there, cow! Beautiful, no?
	
Shania	Yeah

Harbhajan		Probably 'cause that's what you think India's all about! Right?
	
Shania		No.  No one ever said that. Actually, India's changed a lot since I've been here last.
	
Harbhajan	India is not a village anymore.
	
Shania	Yeah, I've noticed!

Harbhajan	In case you were wondering.

Shania		I see! Look there, that's like a family of five there!
	
Harbhajan	What? Where? I don't see five.
	
Shania	What's that one baby doing on  a scooter? Oh, my God!

Harbhajan	Funny.

Shania	So, Donald, is it? Sounds almost American.
	
Donald		It is American, Madamji! I like America! Madamji, I'm going to be American someday! Do you know, Madamji, my name is Danweer Singh. But I call myself Donald! Like I am in America already! I have applied for the green card lottery nine times! As my mother used to say, if you think positive, it will happen! One day, I will be in New York, the Giant Apple!
	
Shania	Oh no, it's Big Apple.
	

Donald	The size does not matter, Madamji!  But first, I must meet American woman of my dreams! What, what, Madamji?

Shania		Bug, bug! There, there, there, bug, bug, bug, please, kill it! Kill it, kill it, kill it, bug, bug, bug!
	
Harbhajan	This one?

Shania	Bug, bug, bug.

Harbhajan	Seriously?
 
Shania	Bug, bug!

Donald	Okay, okay, okay, okay!
	
Shania		No, no, no, no, no! I'm arachnophobic, please, get that outta here!
	

Donald	Just kill it, kill it, kill it, kill it, kill it!
	
Harbhajan		Donald? Pull over.  Just go, you little fella! Fly, fly away! Done. Five minutes.
	
Shania	Where you going?
	
Donald	Sirji wanted to take you in gurdwara as a welcome to India!

Rajinder	You can't be so afraid of an itty bitty spider!
	
Shania	I told you, I'm arachnophobic!
	
Rajinder	Arachna-what?
	

Shania	Afraid of spiders, Daddy!
	
Rajinder	Where do you learn such silly American words?
	
Shania	Stop, that tickles!
	

Rajinder	But I'm a tiny spider biting your neck!
	
Shania	Mom, Dad's making fun of my disability!
	
Rajinder	What disability? You're a Sikh! A warrior!
	
Shania	I'm not a warrior! I'm a princess! 
	
Donald	Madamji, so are you interested, Madamji?
	
Shania	What? Interested? In what?
	
Donald	Arranging my marriage to an American lady!
	
Shania		Oh! We don't do that in America. We don't have arranged marriages.
 	
Donald		Yes, Madamji, they do! I have heard of the Match.com, Plenty of Fish, OkCupid…

Shania		Okay, okay, those are…It doesn't matter. I don't know much about those sites. I don't ever wanna get married.
	
Donald		I would be a good husband! I am funny and I heard American women like funny!
		
Shania	Nice!
	
Harbhjan		See you can pretend you're not even in India. Alright. I'll see you tomorrow morning?
	
Shania	Oh, thank you!

Harbhjan	Yeah?

Shania	Yes.
	

Harbhjan	And listen now, here, before I forget. Sleep tight, and don't let the bed bugs bite!
	
Shania		Wait, there are bugs? Hey, so I just got to the hotel. It's lovely! Outside, a little bit of everything. Dirt poor, filthy rich. I got a list of weddings here. Quick question, who do you want me to cover?
	

Claudia	Well, thanks to Hollywood, we've seen slumdogs and millionaires. Why don't you cover the real India? The one in between? You know, middle India.
		
Harbhjan	Mummy Ji. Mm!
	
Mamiji	Stuck on work again? Just like your father.
	
 
Harb	Starving.
	
Mamiji	He never got home on time. So, what kept you?
	
Harb	An American girl.

Mamiji		Mm! I saw on the news an American attacked a Sikh, thinking he was a Muslim! No concept of other culture, these Americans!
	
Harb	I'm sure not all of them are like that, hmm?
	
Mamiji	Americans see a turban and they think there is a bomb in it!
	

Harb	And how do you know so much about Americans? You've never even been to America.
	
Mamiji	I have seen Hollywood movies.
	

Harb	You and your Hollywood and Bollywood. Why do you watch such drivel?
	
Mamiji	It makes me feel!

Harb	Nauseous.
 

Mamiji	Anything fun makes you nauseous. No girlfriend, no wife, no love. I don't think I'll ever be a grandma.
	
Harb	The American girl is cute.
		
Whitney	It's me!
	

Shania	My God, I'm so glad you called!
	
Whitney	Yeah, what's goin' on? Hey, how was the flight?
	
Shania		Flight was good. The ride to the hotel? Not so good. How's work?
	

Whitney	Well, talk about not so good entertaining clients. You know how much I hate that!
	
Shania	Oh, yeah, I know.
	
Whitney	Okay, okay, so wait a second. What's happening with your dad?
	
Shania	I don't know, Whit. Honestly, I should just mail it to him. A part of me, I really wanna see him again.
	
		
Donald		Good morning, Madamji! You look so lovely this morning!
	
Shania	Aww, you're so sweet! Good morning!
	
Harb	Good morning.
	
Donald	So you like the decorations? I did the flags to make you feel at home! It's very American, no? I try to find American flags made in America but the closest I could get was China.
	
Shania	I like it, Donald. I give you an A for effort.
 
Donald	I don't mean to correct you. But A is for alpha. You see, effort start with E!
	
Shania	Hey, Mark!

Mark	Hehehey, beautiful! I sure miss that face.
	
Shania	What's up?
	
Mark	You're never gonna believe this. Your photographer is sick. He's stuck in Delhi and can't get on his flight.
	
Shania		This can't be happening! I need another photographer!
	
Mark	Well, I can look in the database.
	
Donald	Madamji! Madamji, Madamji!

Mark	Would they be under F for photographer?

Donald	Madamji, Madamji!
	

Shania	Hold on, Donald, what is it, what?
	
Donald	I know a tiptop photographer who lives in Chandigarh!
	
Shania	Oh, my gosh, you know somebody?
	
Donald	Yes, Madamji! First class photographer!
	
Shania		Okay, Mark. The driver could give me a photographer for today but you have to get me another one for the next wedding. Donald Gotta go, bye.
	
Mark	Love it when you boss me around!
		
Harb	He seems to be a real keeper.
	
Shania	Well, at least the phone reception was working.
	
Harb		Oh, yeah. We all share one broken down satellite to serve the 1.3 billion people of the entire country.
	
Shania	Oh, my God. All of you share one satellite?
	
Harb		Can I tell you one secret? Actually they are  just pretending to talk on the phone. Nobody's talking to anyone.
	
Shania	What? Ugh, a puddle.
	
Donald	Oh, Parveen, my friend!
	
Parveen	Hello, hello, hello!
	
Shania	What are you doing?
	
Harb	You were going to have a problem with the puddle, I was going to have a problem with you having a problem, so I'm just avoiding a myriad of problems. You have a problem with that?
	
Shania	Okay, thank you!
	
Donald	Here you are photographer, Madamji! Parveen, my friend!
	
Shania	Hello, I'm Shania from Sterling Magazine!
	
Parveen	Hello, Ji, hello!
	
Shania	Thank you!
	
Parveen	That is my work.
	
Shania	What exactly am I looking at?
	
Parveen	That is my, how you say in America, my portfolio! My portfolio!
	
Donald		What did I tell you, Madamji? Best photographer in all of Chandigarh! Not Chandigarh, all of India!
	
Shania	Oh! 
	
Donald	So you like this?
 
Shania	Yeah, sure, sure.

Donald	Okay!  You're hired! Congrats! Take it away. photographer
		
Devika	Oh, hi, Shania! How are you?

Shania	Hello!

Devika	Oh, sorry, I have Mehndi all over! Please, please come! Have a seat!
	
Shania	Hello! Hi, hello, hello! Hi, hello!
	
Devika	So how are you?

Shania	Good, how are you?

Devika	I am enjoying my day!
	
Shania	Yes, thank you for having me, Devika!
	
Devika	You're welcome!

Shania		Okay, one second. Wedding number one, Mehndi ceremony, better known as the henna tattoo in the west.
	
Devika	This is the bridal shower like you have in the US.
	
Shania	Ok
	
Devika	And we are doing the Mehndi ceremony like tattoo for you but tradition for us, so make the bride look beautiful on her special day so how's it looking?
	
Shania	Beautiful!
	
Devika	Would you like to have some Mehndi?
	
Shania		Oh, maybe later! Devika, Can you tell us a little bit more about this?
	
Devika	Yeah, there are ceremonies like Mehndi and then Ladies Sangeet and... Ooh, ooh, hijras, hijras are here!
	
	

	
 

Devika	Let me tell you about hijras.

Hijras		Hijras, they come, they find out where the wedding is and show up and bless the bride.
	
Shania	Oh, wow!
	
Hijras	We're here to bless you with a son.
	
Shania	Who are they?
	
Harb	Hijras.
	
Shania	Hija-what?
	
Harb	Transvestite, transgenders. Eunuchs?
	
Shania	Oh, right.
	
Hijras	When you give birth I want a thousand rupees. And I want a gold ring.
	
Harb	They just find out where the wedding is and they just show up.

Shania	Oh. Where the heck's Parveen? Hey, Parveen!
	
Parveen	Oh, sorry, sorry! Stupid person.Side please.
	
Hijras	Media!
	
Parveen		No media! I'm from Sterling Magazine from America!
	
Hijras	Oh, okay!

Parveen	Parveen
	
Shania	Can we ask you some questions?

Hijras	yes, of course.

Harb	Okay, okay, no questions, please, thank you. Okay, we're done here. Thank you, you guys can go out. Thank you, go on.
	
Hijras	You can see, people want our blessings but they treat us like a curse. This is very bad.

Harb	Alright, thank you, move out!

Hijras		Very bad! Ma'am, this is how they treat us.
	
Harb	Out!
	
Hijras	Very, very bad!
 
Harb		Out, out, thank you. Thank you, out, out, out, out. Sorry, guys, sorry, sorry. I mean girls. I'm just doing my job. I'm really sorry!
	
Shania		What do they mean by that? Why didn't you let me talk to them? I really need a new photographer! His angles are all wrong!
	
Whitney	Claudia loves the shots!
	
Shania	What?
	
Whitney	Yeah, she says the style has an authenticity. She's keepin' 'em.
	
Shania		Okay, she's the boss. Oh, hey! I got something to tell you.
	
Whitney	You had sex with the guy in picture 24?
 
	
Shania		You are such a tramp! Now, listen, I think I found a sidebar story I wanna do. Scroll down to picture 33. They're called hijras. You know, like transgenders? I wanna do an editorial on them.
	
Whitney	Why is that a big deal?
	
Shania	I'm not really sure, but I think I'm onto something. I'm sure they don't want me to know about this story.
	
Whitney	Now you're thinkin' like an Editor-In-Chief! But you still need to get laid.
	
Shania	Whit, get your mind out of the gutter, girl! I gotta go to work. Bye!  Woman Man woman

Bhavna	So boys and girls, dudes and divas, are you all ready to rock?
	
Shania	Hello!
	
Sangeet	Hello, hello!

Shania	Namaste!

Sangeet	Bride Namaste.
	
Bhavna	Local booze.
	
Shania	So, since there's a break, I'll ask you some questions.
	
Salman	Hey, did you talk to your Dad? Did you?

Shania	shanaya  So, can you tell me about this ceremony? And what is it called?

Bhavna		You just relax, Ji. You don't worry! I'm Bhavna, I will help you! Myself, Bhavna, but you can call me Cookie, Ji. And this is, Ji, Cream. So we are Cookies and Cream! And yourself?
	
Shania	I'm Shania from Sterling Magazine.
	
Bhavna		Oh, yes! Shaniaji! I knew you were coming! You know, I even gave them a thousand rupees discount because I knew you were coming! I'm perfect for your interview! I'm big, big rockstar over here. People in Punjab, my Shaniaji, they really love me a lot! Woman My dream is to take Cookies and Cream to Bollywood. We sing and dance to traditional music to celebrate the wedding! Traditional music can get so boring, so we re-mix it! And it becomes fresh again! Can the photographer take a photo of us? The cookies and cream.
	

Parveen	Looking so sexy…

Salmaan 	How dare you!
	
Parveen	It's not like she's your wife.

Salman	She would be if she would have me.

Parveen	But she's not.Stupid people.
		
Salman	Will you marry me?
	
Bhavna	Yes!
	
Salman	Let's get to work.
	
Shania	What just happened?
	
Bhavna	Uncle with the red turban… you can eat later. Oh, Uncle with yellow turban…ready to rock!
	
Children	Hi Auntie!
	

Shania	Aww, that's so cute, they think I'm their aunt!
 
	
Harb		No, in India, they call everyone auntie or uncle. Nice weather!
	
Shania	What?
	
Harb	Nice weather!
	
Shania		Yeah. You know, I brought all my mom's clothes and now I just feel like an idiot!
	
Harb		No, you're not an idiot! You're just stuck in a hippie era! India has moved on!
	
Shania	I can see that.
	
Harb	Sorry, sorry. Are you okay?
		
Shania	Hi, everybody!
	
Donald	Hello, good morn...ning.
 
	
Shania	Good morning. You okay?
	
Harb	Yeah, yeah, of course, I'm, I'm fine. Donald. Next wedding, huh? Let's go, let's go.
	
Sarla	Take the money and scram!
	
Shania		Hello, so nice to see you! What are you doing here?
	
Sharmila	I come to give blessings this wedding!
	
Shania	Okay! So ca-- - Move.
	
Sharmila		Don't worry, madamji. I'm in every wedding! I will meet you in next wedding!
	
Shania	Okay!

Harb	Move.
 
Sarla	Don't be afraid of them. They're paid. Welcome, welcome, hanji! We are waiting, waiting for you! Penji, very big house! But Punjabi people. Big heart. So big, big houses. so big  Oh, you very, very pretty, ji. I was very waiting outside on the gate!
	
Harb	Congratulations.
	
Shania	Namaste, hello, namaste! Thank you.
	
Sarla	Why are you hiding? Come here!
		
Shania	Hey, Cream, you look beautiful!
	
Bhavna		Not Cream, Shania Ji, Cookie. Actually now, call me Bhavna only. I'm a solo act from now.
	
Shania	What happened to Cream?

Sarla	Okay everybody, let's start the ceremony.
	
Shania	So this is a shuni?
	
Sarla	No, no, no! CH for Chudail  Chunni!
 
Shania	Ah! So this is the Chunni ceremony.
	
Sarla	Yes, yes, Chunni!

Shania	Right.

Sarla	Okay, get up. Time to put the scarf on. Oh my goodness. Beautiful necklace.
	Madamji, this is the scarf groom give bride to wear in wedding.
	


Woman	Congratulations. This girl belongs to you now.
	
Sarla		Very excited, Ji! Doctor from America! Make sure you write an article, please!
	
Sharnia		Right. Okay, I heard a little bit of American in there. Whereabouts are you from?
	
Groom 3	Tuscaloosa, Alabama! Roll tide!
	
Sharnia		Right, yeah! College football team thing. I know that.

Groom 3	That's right.
 

Sharnia	So, how long do you guys know each other for!
	
Groom 3	We've only met once before.
	
Sharnia	Oh, only once? Really?
	
Bhavna		Excuse me. What are you doing here, Salman? You have to go! In the first place, you should have come to me! ???
	
Salman	I'm not leaving without you!
	
Bhavna	It's my Chunni ceremony, yeah? The whole family is waiting for me inside! You have to go!

Salman	Let your dad just meet me once. I may be a Muslim but we all are Indian, see. I'm sure he'll agree

Bhavna	You crazy or what? Papaji. I just can't do this to him, yeah? This is just not possible. I tried… but no way!
	

Salman	How are you so sure they will be unhappy?
	
Bhavna		You're a Muslim, I'm a Hindu! What are the odds?
	
Salman		I'm not leaving without you. Bhavna, I love you and you love me.
	
Shania	Hey, Cream?
	
Salman		Hello, Madamji, please? Can you please help me? Can you please tell Bhavna's father to come outside?
	
Bhavna	Please, if you love me, you have to leave now! And I promise you if you don't leave… I will do something horrible to myself! I love you but you have to leave now!  Please!
	
Bhavna	Most of my family was killed in Pakistan during Partition by Muslims. And my stupid, stupid heart fell for a Muslim! I could not have made Papaji make this choice for me. So I did.
	
Sarla	Madamji, let's continue the interview.
	
Shania		Right, okay. I'm gonna go off record with this. What can you tell me about Salman?
	
Sarla	Eh, Salman?

Mother of bride	Who's Salman?

Father of bride	Who's this bloody Salman?

Sarla	Salman?

Groom 3	What's goin' on here?
	

Father of Groom	Who's Salman?

Bhavna	Papaji, remember my singing partner with whom I do all the shows? He's fine, Shaniaji, but he couldn't come today. He's gonna come for the wedding.
	
Shania	Do you love him?
	
	
Harb	Shania!

Sarla	Love! 
	
Groom 3	Wait a second, is there something we need to know here?
	
Sarla	Oh my God! The girl is having an Affair. May she turn ugly. Look! The shameless one is leaving! …what a loose woman!
		
Harb		Came to cover five weddings, you have covered two and ruined one. Great.
	

Shania	Wait a minute, that was not because of me! I just asked a couple of questions!
	
Harb		Yeah. And the questions were enough to destroy an entire family, you know that? What happened was because of the words that came out of your mouth!
	
Shania		Look, I feel terrible! But I'd rather save that girl a lifetime of misery!
	
Harb	Well, you're exactly what everyone was hoping for, right? The Americans would show up and save the day!
	
Shania	You act like that's a bad thing!
	
Harb	What I do know as a bad thing is, presuming to know a culture you know so little about!
	
 
Shania	A culture that places a higher premium on what other people think versus what the heart feels? What kind of culture is that? Mommy, Mommy, can you tell me a story about India?
	
Mandy		India's so beautiful. And when your dad and I first met and fell in love, it was magical and then we just grew apart. India wasn't for me and America wasn't for him.
	
Rajinder	What's wrong with teaching her some of the Indian culture? You drum all this American into her, she doesn't even know where she's from!
	
Mandy	She's from America like me!
	
Rajinder	Yes, and also India.
	
Mandy		Really? It's not like we don't have Indian culture here. We do our Sikh prayers every morning, I cover my head with a scarf.
	
Rajinder	Chunni!
	
Mandy	Look around you, Rajinder, we live India in America!
	
Whitney		Okay, so here's the problem. Apparently Indian weddings are beholden to these astrologers who tell them when they can and can't schedule weddings.
	
Shania	So you're telling me they can't schedule a wedding while I'm in town.
	
Whitney	There's an eclipse in five days. Apparently, that's a can't. It's not auspicious.
	
Shania	India, you never disappoint.
	
Whitney	Miss you!
	
Mandy		Shania, hey, it's Mom. I miss you, baby!   Just checking in to see how you're doing. Did you reach out to your dad yet? I really hope you can see him while you're there. Okay, I'll call you later. Love you, bye.
	
Mandy	What are you doin'?
	
Shania	I'm praying so Daddy comes back.
	
Mandy	Where did you get that?
	
Shania	From the box in the garage.
	
Mandy	I thought Daddy took that with him.
	
Shania	Why did he leave, Mommy?
	
Mandy	It took me a long time to get over the fact that he left.
	
Shania	Mom, we've been over this. Your breasts, your ovaries...

Mandy		Yeah, yeah, I know, I know! I know! None of that defines your womanhood. I love the Indian culture. That's why I traveled there, that's why I fell in love with you! But everything's changed! You can't bear to look at me, at my scars. You think I'm some kind of monster, don't you?
	
Rajinder	I don't think you're a monster.
	
Shania	Does he still loveus?
	
Mandy		Well, of course he does! He loves you very much.
	
Shania	Are you super, super sure?
	
Mandy	I'm super duper sure. He's a good man, Shania.
	
Shania	You shut up, I'm praying!
	
 
Homeless Man	Then go pray in America!
	
Shania		I will not! I'll in fact, I'm gonna like, bring a piece of America over here to you right now! Oh say, can you see  By the dawn's early light  Oh, shut up! We try to sleep!
	
Homeless Man	Damn foreigners. Proudly we hail at the twi-- 
	
Officer	Hey! Hey, you are drunk.
	
Shanai	Why are you arresting...

Officer	510 penal code.

Sharmila	Reporter Madam Ji. Hello!
	
Shanai	Oh! Oh, my God, you're one of the hijras!
	
Sharmila	Yeah, Sharmila.
	
Shanai	Oh, what brings you here?
	
Officer	Section 294 penal code. You're obsessed with your penal codes.
	

Sharmila	He means indecent explosure in public.
	
Shanai	I think you're decent.
	
Sharmila	I went in a wedding and they refused to give me money. I got angry so I threatened to take my clothes off.
	
Shanai	That's a bit extreme, isn't it?
	
Sharmila	Well, if it's, it is the only way to get paid…
	
Shanai	You can get another job.
	
Sharmila	Who's gonna hire me, Madamji?
	
Officer	Give me the bottle.
	
Shanai	Sharmila?

Sharmila	Yeah?

Shanai	At the wedding you said that you give blessings but you're a curse. What did you mean?
	
Sharmila	We are a dirty little secret.
	
Officer	Move! Sit over there!

Shanai	Dirty little... What do you mean?
	
Sharmila	The soul of a woman trapped in the body of a man.
	
Officer	Go in cell! Go!
	
Sharmila	In India, sometimes people get born with no…
	
Officer	Go, go! Move. Go!
		
Shanai	Sharmila?

Sharmila	Here.

Shanai	So did you mean born with no sexual organs?
	
Sharmila	Yes.
	
Shanai	Well, why is that a dirty secret? If you feel your soul is a woman's soul, then you're a woman.
	
Sharmila		You lose your soul because our parents gives you up to the hijra community because you are not normal and they could all ties after that.
	

Shanai	Oh, so that's how you become a hijra.
	
Sharmila	That, and forced castration.
	
Shanai		I made a friend last night. And you're never gonna believe who.
	
Harb	You have no friends in India.
	
Donald	Good morning, Madamji.
	
Shanai	You're my friend, right, Donald?
	
Donald	Yes, Madamji. Very much so!

Shanai		See? I do have a friend in India. Look, I'm really sorry. Thank you for getting me out. If you would've left me there,  I don't know what I would've done.
		
Alexa		Whew, okay! How about this. Dear Mr. Commissioner, myname is Whitney Simmons.
	
SSP Avtar	"I am a colleague of Shania Dhaliwal from Sterling Magazine.
	
Alexa		"Who's in India writing a story. And I wanted to get yourcomment on the sidebar she is writing on the hijras. I don't even know if that's how you say it.
		
SSP Avtar	Sidebar on hijras?
	

Lydia	Are you sure we should be doing this?
	
Alexa	Oh, come on, don't be lame.
	
	
	
	
	
 
Shania	Good morning.
	
Donald	Good morning, Madamji.Shania	Good morning, Donald!

Donald	You look so nice in Indian dress!
	

Shania	Thank you, let's see what the other officer has to say! Good mo-- You are?
	
Chahel	I'm Officer Chahel.
	
Shania	Not that it matters, but what happened to Harbhajan?
	
Donald		I don't know, Madamji. Sirji said he's taking himself off the assignment. Are you okay, Madamji?
	
Shania		Of course. Why wouldn't I be? I mean, he's a grown man, he could do what he wants, right? Besides, Chahel seems way more fun. Right, Chahel?
	
Chahel	Chahel. Cha, Cha, Chahel.
 
Shania	Oh, like dance, cha-cha! Ooh-kay, then.  Oh, that's where I got arrested the other night! Hey, are you married?
	
Chahel	No. What a surprise.
	
Hijras	hijras speak in foreign language]Blessings! Blessings! Blessings!
	
Shania	Hello! Is Sharmila, where's Sharmila?
	
Hijra	No!
	
Chahel	Go, go! Go, go!
	
Hijra	Google!
	
Harpreet's Dad	Thank you very much for coming!

Shania	Thank you. Could you tell me about the Anand?
	
Harpreet's Dad	Anand Karaj.

Shania	Mm.

Harpreet's Dad	And Doli.

Shania		Yes.

Harpreet's Dad	Anand Karaj is our version of your church. And the Doli, goodbye to her. It was only yesterday when I was cradling my little daughter in my arm. And she has grown up.  It goes so fast!  She is going away from us!
	
Shania	Oh, how far away?
	
Harpreet's Dad	Just down the street. Father and daughter Father and daughter always a special bond. She's always father's little girl.

Hijras	Hello, Madamji! Hello, Madamji!

Shania	Hi!

Hijras	Sharmila house?

Shania	Yes!
	
Hijras	This one, Sharmila house.

Shania		Thank you! Sharmila house! Oh, my God! Are you okay?
	
Sharmila	By the grace of God, just some bruises.
	
Shania	What happened?
	
 
Sharmila		Well, I took your advice. I went to a local store for a job. They laughed at me. I got angry.
	
Shania	Did you threaten to take your clothes off?
	
Sharmila	No. I threatened to beat him.

Shania	No.

Sharmila		Except he beat me first. Do people beat reporters?
	
Shania	Are you kidding? We're universally loved.
	
Sharmila	Thanks for trying to help me, Madamji.
	
Shania	Did you report this to the police?
	
Sharmila		What's the point, Madamji? It is the way our world works.
	
Shania	Sharmila, we have to tell your story.
	
Sharmila	I'm a simple girl, Madamji. No one wants to know my story.
 
	

Shania	That's exactly why people do wanna know your story.
		
Harb		Sir? I thought she was doing an article on weddings.
	
SSP Avtar		Precisely. Sit! Harbhajan, Ministry approved her to do a feature on weddings. This was not part of her application. She has to respect our rules! If she continues, I have an order to confiscate Ms. Dhaliwal's computer.
	

Harb	But those are the personal possessions of an undetained individual.
	
SSP Avtar	And that undetained individual thinks she can break the rules or do whatever she wants? Look,  if you are not morally up for it, my only choice is to assign another officer to it. Who are you texting?
	
Harb	I'm just telling Mom that I'll be late for dinner and that I'm still on the assignment.
	
SSP Avtar	Mm, good.
	
Harb	I'll make sure.
	
SSP Avtar	Better.
	
Shania	Hijras,blessings for some, curse for all. As I left my new friend still freshly bruised… I couldn't help but wonder how a community that has references in the Mahabharata for their good luck now can't even get a job as basic help. Ultimate goal for all hijras The world doesn't have to accept us but they can respect us.
	
Donald	You look very pretty, very pretty!
	
Shania	Oh, thank you!  Where have you been?
	
Harb	I was off grid.
	
Shania	And what did you mean by that text you sent?
	
Harb	Just a reminder to stay focused. Try and get approval for the hijra story, I got you an application form.
	
Shania	Oh, yeah? And what if they reject it?
	
Harb	Listen, Shania—

Shania		Oh, my God, there is no article on hijras! So I'm kind of lost!
	
Harb	You seem to lose your way a lot.
 
	
Shania	Do I really?
	
Harb	Oh, yes! And you're quite a handful.
	
Shania	So why'd you come back?
	
Harb	Sometimes I like my hands full!
	
Harleen	Hello, Ms. Dhaliwal, I presume?
	
Shania	Hello!

Harleen		Hi, I'm Harleen, the bride of the wedding and this is Mr.  my husband.

Shania		Nice to meet you. Thank you so much for having us!

Harleen		Thank you so much! I suppose you're here to cover the wedding?
	
Shania	Yes, yes.

Harleen	That's great!

Shania	May I ask you some questions?
	
Harleen	Yeah, why not, go ahead.
	
Shania	Okay, so can you tell me about this ceremony?
	
Harleen	Yes, well, this is the reception.
	
Shania	Is there another word inPunjabi?
	
Harleen	Reception is the Punjabi word for reception.
	
Shania	Well, your English is really great.
	
Bhavna	Hi, Shaniaji!
	
Shania	Oh, Bhavna, what are you doing here?
	
Bhavna	Shaniaji, Harleen and me are very good friends.
	
Harleen	And you know what, she is getting married soon!
	
Shania	You're getting married to the American!
	
Bhavna		No! No, I'm not going to Alabama, Shaniaji. Actually, my Papaji made the choice for me. And he chose my happiness over history. I have a surprise for you! Salman!
	
Shania	Oh, wow, Cookies and Cream!

Bhavna	Yes!
 
Shania	That's wonderful!

Bhavna	This all happened only because of you, Shaniaji.
	
Salman	Cookies and Cream is back, baby!
	
Bhavna		Yeah!  Shaniaji, you know what, when we both get married, you have to be the bride's friend, hmm?
	
Shania	Bride's friend? The bridesmaid, yes.

Bhavna	See you!

Harleen	She's funny, come!
	
Shania	Very funny.

Harleen	Let's enjoy.

Bhavna	Testing, testing. Hanji, hanji! Hello, hello.
	
Harb	Cookies and Cream getting married. Amazing. Well, there's your fifth wedding.
	
Shania	Yeah.
	
Harb	Come on, you should be over the moon now.
 
Shania	I have to get this package to my dad but I have no idea how to find this crazy address.
	
Harb	Your dad's in Chandigarh?
	
Shania		Yeah. It's a long story. It's time to write the next chapter. Will you help me?
	
Harb	We're not even dating and I get to meet your father. Are we ready for that?
		
Shania		Oh, my God.  I wonder if he'll even recognize me. Harb, I can't do this!
	
Harb	Oh, come on.

Shania	Oh, my gosh!
	
Resident 1	Where does Rajinder Singh Dhaliwal live?

Harb	I'm not sure. Check with the temple's office.
	
Harb	Where can I find Rajinder Singh Dhaliwal?

Resident 2	Who?


Resident 2	He is with God now.He passed away.
	
Harb		Hey, I'm... I'm sorry. I know how it feels. I've been there.
		
Shania	Daddy, what happens when you die?
	
Rajinder		Mm! Well, we reincarnate! The soul comes back as something different to be with who we love.
	
Shania	How do you know the soul's back?
	
Rajinder	If you look really hard, you'll see it.
	
Shania	When you die will your soul come back?
	
Rajinder	Only for you!
	
Shania	What if I don't look hard enough, then I won't know it's you.
	
Rajinder	Hmm. Tell you what. I'll come back as a pigeon!
	
Shania	A pigeon?
	
Rajinder	Mm-hm.
	
Harb	Here? Better?

Shania		Mm-hm. Wow. Can't believe I'll never see him again. Anyway, thank you for bringing me. The priest said he was cremated here. So this is where it happens, huh?
	
Harb		Yes. This is where the town brings their dead. Last rites. They bring the dead bodies here and then just turn them into flames. You know, I always wonder how people lose their identities once they're dead. For everyone, you're, you're just a body. You know, I, I was sitting right there, throughout. I didn't leave my dad alone. Everybody else left. I was right there. I'm sure he's always with me.
	
Shania	Dad said we'd come back as an animal or as a human to catch up with who we love. He said he'd return as a pigeon just to see me. Look at all those birds. I wonder if one of them is a pigeon.
	
Harb		It's not yours to find. It will find you. Come on now. I'm sure your dad wouldn't wanna see you like this.
	
Shania	Yeah, you're right.
	
Harb	Come. You want me to carry you again?
	
Shania	I think I got this. 
	
	
	
 
	
	
Shania	So pretty.
	
Harb	It's Indian.
	
Shania	Wow.
	
Harb	Indian. Indian. Very much Indian.
	
Shania	I can't believe how much it hurts.
	
Harb	Yeah, I know.
	
Shania	Does it ever get better?
	
Harb		I still see his face sometimes. I'm not sure if it ever gets better. But I guess you accept it. Learn to live with the pain. You know anything about physics?
	
Shania	Yeah, why?
	
Harb		Energy never dies. Merely changes forms. And soul is an energy, hence, it never dies.
		
Shania	What's their healthrating, a D minus?
	

Harb	Come on, stop being so American. It won't kill you. Live a little. Sorry, I have to take this.
	
Shania	Okay.
	
Harb	Yes, sir.
	
SSP Avtar		Listen, Harbhajan. You insisted on taking care of this. Is the mission complete?
	
Harb	Sir, I don't think she's the problem you think she is.
	
SSP Avtar		Don't argue. You're there to get her laptop, that's it!
	
Harb	Okay. You'll have to promise me one thing.
 
	
SSP Avtar	Yeah.
	
Harb		If I get you all the stuff, she'll be able to go back home.
	
SSP Avtar	I promise I will let her go.
	
Shania	I felt his spirit at the gurdwara. They said he came everyday. I just wish he could have seen me all grown up.
	
Whitney	Oh, honey, I'm so sorry.
	
Shania	It's okay. Anyway, how's your manhunt goin'?
	

Whitney	My manhunt's fine, how's your man hunk?
	
Shania	He's not a man hunk!
	
Whitney	He is in picture 63!
	
Shania	What? What are you talking about?
	
Whitney	Well, I think you guys do make the cutest couple.
	
Shania	Oh, my goodness. Let me see. It's that one where you've got that really gorgeous smile, and he's kinda slightly flexing. Oh, my God, it's just so hot.
	
Shania	Oh, my God, it's gone!
	
Whitney	What?
	
Shania	My laptop!
		
Mamiji	Not hungry? Harbhajan? Dinner?
	
Harb	Yes. Delicious, Mummy Ji.
	
Mamiji	But you have to eat it to know that. Maybe it's important.
	
Harb	I doubt it. I'll be right back.
	
Shania	Hey, Harb, by any chance, have you seen my laptop?
	
SSP Avtar	Harbhajan, I need that laptop. Where the hell are you?
	
Shania	Harb, please, please call me back right away. I think my laptop's been stolen!
	
SSP Avtar	Hello, Harbhajan, get me that reporter laptop--
	
Shania	Oh, my God, you found it, oh, my God! Thank you so much.
	
Harb		But listen. You can't publish this article on the hijras.
	
Shania	What, why?
	
Harb	No.
	
Shania	Oh!
	
Harb	Oh, I get it. So you're the one who took my computer because you don't want me to write this article. So, what, everything... You, me? It was all because of the article, wasn't it? No, of course not! What you're saying... Listen, everything I said or... Or I didn't say. Everything I did, I... It was absolutely true.
	
Shania	You were spying on me!

Harb	I was spying on you because you were spying on the hijras!You started this!
	
Shania	Oh, my God! I fell in love with a six-year old!
	
Harb	What do you mean by you fell in love with-- Wait, wait, one … one second. Me?
	
Shania	I can't believe I actually thought you really understood me. Shania, I get you. I've been there. I wouldn't be surprised if your dad wasn't even dead.
	
Harb	Don't say that.

Shania		Oh! Maybe that's your dad over there! Hey, excuse me! Are you his dad?
	
Harb	Shania.

Shania		Or maybe, maybe, maybe he's your dad. Listen. What about that guy there? Hey, are one of you his dad?
	
Harb	What are you doing? What are you doing? I won't lie about something like that.
	
Shania	Why should I believe you?
	
 
Harb	Because I care about you, too.
	
Shania	Yeah.

Harb	And it's the only way to convince them to not bring up charges against you. So you need to understand! Shania!
	
Donald	I will miss her.
	
Harb	I'm sure.
	
Donald	Maybe, I will see her when I move to America. What about you, Sirji?
	
Shania	Hey, Whit.

Whitney		Hey! So I just finished reading your article. Well, that's not true, I finished my champs but I did read your article and I love it! Sweetie, I think you really pulled this one off!
	
Shania	No, I didn't!
	
Whitney	Honey, sweetie, what's wrong? Are you okay?
	
Shania	I rebooked my flight, I'm coming home!
	
Whitney	Why, what happened?
	
Shania		He screwed me over! And not the way you're thinking! I'm gonna rename this article Four Weddings and a Screw-Over! 
	
Whitney	Oh, my God! You're in love!	

Harb	Yes, sir.
	
SSP Avtar	Harb, where's the laptop
	
Harb	Yes, sir, I have it.

SSP Avtar	Get it here, ASAP.

Harb		Yeah, we'll be right there, sir. Actually, we're stuck in traffic, sir. Move your car, move!
	
SSP Avtar	Hello, Harbhajan?

Harb	Yes, sir?

SSP Avtar	Yeah, we'll be right there. I am waiting, okay?
	
Harb		That'll hold him off hopefully long enough for her to get on that plane and head home.
	
Donald	Sirji, you know you could go to jail for this. You are willing to go that far for her? Yet you won't send her back with the one thing she really wants.
	
Harb	What would that be?
	
Donald		She told you. She loves you. And she's leaving without you telling her you love her.
	
Harb	It's not a movie.
	
Donald	Of course not because those  are fake. But love is real. And you're really wasting time, Sirji. You still have an hour to fix it. And if I have your permission tospeed I can get you there in 45 minutes.
		
Harb		Urgency. Urgency. I'm just here to say goodbye to someone.
	
Harb	Flight to New York, please.
	
Service Agent	Sorry, sir, our counter has closed.
	
Harb	Listen, there's this passenger named Shania Dhaliwal. I really have to talk to her. It's very urgent.

Service Agent	Sorry, sir, I can't do anything, sorry.
 
Harb		Please, I'm sure you can do something! It's very urgent!

Service Agent	Sorry, sir! Our counter's closed.

Harb		I have to talk to her! Please try and understand!

Service Agent	Sorry, sir. I can't do anything!

Managing Agent	Excuse me, yes. What happened?
	
Harb	No, listen, there's a flight to New York and there's a passenger named Shania Dhaliwal. I really have to talk to her.
	
Managing Agent	Which flight, this flight?

Harb	To New York, to New York.

Managing Agent	No, the flight has departed.
	
Harb	Listen, please, please try and do something. If you would just... Yes, sir?
	
SSP Avtar	Harbhajan?
	
Harb	Sir, I'm on my way and the laptop is here right in my hand.
	
SSP Avtar	No, it's not. Because it's right here in my hand.
	
Harb		Okay, sir. Sir, I can totally exp--Hey. What, what happened?
	
SSP Avtar	Ms. Dhaliwal decided to turn in all of her materials voluntarily in order to keep you from getting in trouble. Why don't you take her to the airport to catch the next flight back to the US?
	
Shania	What are you gonna do with my computer?
	
SSP Avtar	As discussed, we will make an exception this one time.  But you do need new permissions. Ah. This is a new application. You have to fill it out and hopefully they approve.
	
Shania	Thank you, sir!
	
SSP Avtar	You're welcome.
	
Harb	I will take that.

SSP Avtar		Yeah, sure. One more thing, Ms. Dhaliwal. Being a journalist, you have some responsibilities to be fair. there are some new rules in this country and hijras are considered as third gender. But for things to change, laws are not enough. People have to change. Bye-bye.
	
Shania	Thank you.
	
SSP Avtar	Have a nice flight.
		
Harb	Hey.  Are you really leaving?
 
	
	
	
	
	
	

	
	
	
	
 






 
 
 
 
 
 










 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 













































 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 

 
 









 






.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 







































 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 














































