Voice Over	Previously on Agent.

Christopher	You're late.

Blaze	We're going slower than expected but we gonna get there.

Christopher	The time for we'll get there has past. You've got just over 18 hours before the transfer window closes.

Jean-Pierre	You see I am the Roman Abramovic of agents.

Nick	From Berea FC!

Blaze	So you two…

Natalie	No.

Blaze	Keep it that way... 

Natalie	No.

Blaze	... at least until I take you out for coffee.

Natalie	Maybe you'll remember me this time.

Phumlani	You will sign this contract, in ink or blood.

Walter	What the hell is this?

Phumlani	All I was doing was just giving him an incentive.

Walter	The deal happens through Slindile.

Blaze	You stay the fuck away from my players.
 
Christopher	Blaze…

Christopher	Blaze!

Christopher	Blaze!

Christopher	Where are you bruv?

Blaze	Right here, waiting for you.

Christopher	I meant inside your head bruv.

Blaze	Have you ever had a dream of a place that you've never been to?

Christopher	Don't believe I have. That would mean sleeping and you know I don't sleep.

Blaze	Yeah and it's starting to show too.

Christopher	You were telling me about Phumlani and Herve. He pulled a gun on him?

Blaze	Yeah he threatened to shoot or... blow Herve's kneecaps off.

Christopher	Fuck. He is a nutter isn't he? I never thought of threatening a potential client with a gun. Probably would have saved a shit load on cocktail bills.

Christopher	Hehe, if you'da lost the kid I'd have shot you and it wouldn't have been in the kneecaps.

Christopher	But you showed me something I'll give you that.

Blaze	Is that gratitude that I sense?

Christopher	Don't get carried away.

Christopher	Big games tomorrow.

Blaze	Marlboro United and Apollo FC. Basically Lesego/Herve versus Vuyo. Not bad for a day's work, right?

Christopher	You're the black Jorge Mendes. I'm serious, I'm giving it up.

Blaze	Whatever.

Christopher	Niks, if Blaze is on the floor you hang up the phone on fucking Jose Mourinho.

Nikki	You don't really mean that.

Christopher	No but you could have played along.

Nikki	I don't mind hanging up on him... can't stand the arrogance anyway.

Christopher	Oh you clearly don't want your bonus this year?

Blaze	Yeah but she does make a valid point.

Christopher	Ah don't you start.

Christopher	Where are we with Caster? I probably should have bought her something for her win last week.

Nikki	Way ahead of you. Card.

Christopher	Aww and just like that, she's back in contention for the bonus.

Nikki	Yeah yeah, I'll believe it when I see it.

Christopher	What?

Blaze	Well as much as I've enjoyed this ass creeping session, but I need to go.

Christopher	You know you're my number one, until you're not.

Blaze	You mean until the next transfer deadline day?

Christopher	Yeah. Two hundred and three days, seven hours, and thirty three minutes.

Blaze	Always counting.

Christopher	It's around the corner mate.

Lesego	Hey. Boys. Salt, pepper. We here, come on. Focus. You wanna bomb down the right. You will be in on goal and 

American Hotel Guest	S'cuse me. Ya'll soccer players or something?

Lesego	Yeah this is Marlboro United.

Herve	Yeah we play football.

American Hotel Guest	Whatever man. Football, and I mean real football, is a dance of true grit. We put the real numbers on the board. It's not the stuff that you guys are doing, where you wait the whole game, waiting for something to happen, but nothing does.

Lesego	I think you looking at it with the wrong eyes man.

Lesego	That's the sad part. You see, your game is like heavy metal.

Lesego	Boom, boom, boom, boom. Ours is like classical music.

Lesego	Calculated. Beautiful. It flows. You see every play that you see in a half of a soccer game is the potential for greatness.

Lesego	It's just the patience that we take in setting up something that could result in a piece of genius.

Lesego	A goal. Now that play will never be repeated ever again. Ever. Now that's true originality.

Lesego	Anything can happen in the spur of a moment. That, my friend, is soccer. That is the beautiful game.

American Hotel Guest	Whatever man.

Lesego	Alright team.

Herve	Wow Lesego. I didn't see this coming from you.

Lesego	What I didn't tell him is that we get all the pussy, because those motherfuckers, you can't even see who they are behind the helmets.

Lesego	Okay, so let's focus. Like I said to you guys.

Lesego	Hold on, hold on. Yo what up B?

Blaze	What’s up?

Blaze	Sounds like a party over there.

Lesego	Yeah, yeah, yeah... Masimela, Adams, everybody.

Blaze	Lesego.

Lesego	I’m kidding, I’m kidding Blaze.

Lesego	No we just grabbing an early meal.

Blaze	You know it’s a big day tomorrow, right?

Lesego	Yeah yeah yeah, no we're going through the game plan. We'll have Apollo FC under our feet in no time.

Blaze	Listen is the kid there?

Lesego	Hold on. 

Lesego	Blaze.

Herve	Blaze? Ca Va?

Blaze	Hey, what's up champ? Are you ready to go out and introduce yourself to the world tomorrow?

Blaze	Hey listen, the big ones, they don't flinch kid.

Herve	I know, tomorrow, God willing, I will be in total control of the zone. You know, I will master everything on the field.

Blaze	Well that sounds strong so...?

Herve	Do you remember USA '94?

Blaze	You weren't even a wet dream by then and you're asking me if I remember?

Herve	Baggio blew that ball and his name is forever... uh, what you say?

Blaze	Blowing it.

Herve	Yes... something like this.

Blaze	Yeah, but I don't want you to think like that.

Herve	I got people back home. I just, I don't want to go back to the streets.

Blaze	Tomorrow has nothing to do with if God is willing. I want you to step on that pitch tomorrow and you play like one.

Herve	Alright, okay.

Blaze	Now get something to eat and turn your mind off. You have a big day tomorrow.

Herve	Mmm.

Vuyo	Me and you... and the ball.

Vuyo	Me and you... and the ball.

Kim	And then?

Kim	What are you doing?

Vuyo	Cristiano. This is what he does before every Real game.

Kim	He stares at himself in the mirror?

Vuyo	No. Admires at. Talks to. Adores. Akere, he needs to get his mind right.

Kim	If you don't forget about all of that, you're gonna miss out on all of this.

Vuyo	The ball...

Vuyo	Cristiano... he's eating more than any other athlete in the world. Keep your things.

Blaze	V?

Vuyo	Ola?

Blaze	Hey V? Are you good?

Vuyo	Aah, I'm grand.

Blaze	Are you sure?

Vuyo	No, not really.

Kim	Talk to your boy.

Vuyo	Boss lady had me sweating with the reserves today. 

Vuyo	The bench I mean.

Vuyo	What's up with that? My form hasn't dipped.

Blaze	Listen, you are Vuyo the train Moyo, alright. You are the engine of that team.

Vuyo	It's the hundredth.

Blaze	Hundredth what?

Vuyo	Tomorrow, it's my hundredth appearance.

Vuyo	They have to cough up the bonus if I play tomorrow. You should know this man.

Blaze	Man come on of-course. I mean I knew it was coming up, it's just that I didn't realize it was tomorrow.

Vuyo	How much do they owe us if she plays me?

Blaze	Three hundred and fifty k.

Vuyo	That's if she plays me.

Blaze	Listen I don't want you to worry about that. 

Blaze	V, is Kim there?

Vuyo	Yeah, she's right here.

Blaze	How is she looking?

Vuyo	Haai, you know how I roll man.

Blaze	Exactly. I want you to handle that tonight and me, I'll handle Zoe Zante.

Vuyo	Sharp.

Zoe	Santiago look... I know it's not always easy being a coach…

Batistuta	But I select my guys already Zoe.

Zoe	We're negotiating your contract again, aren't we?

Zoe	Sooo I just want you to remember who rescued you when you were languishing in the second tier Greek football with Larissa.

Batistuta	I don’t forget.

Zoe	Good. Vuyo rides the bench tomorrow.

Zoe	Thank you Santiago.

Natalie	You sure you don't want a drink?

Blaze	I'm good... thanks.

Natalie	You get your suits tailored?

Blaze	Well, I'm glad you noticed.

Blaze	It's some place called 'Lemon & Yellow'.

Blaze	Pretty top drawer.

Blaze	Oooh, sorry.

Blaze	Clumsy me.

Natalie	Haven't read this one yet.

Blaze	So this is how cop's live?

Natalie	And how's that?

Blaze	I don't know, your place just doesn't say police, considering how police are viewed in this country sometimes.

Natalie	I didn't know we were this one faceless group. And what is it that you think about us... sometimes?

Blaze	I feel for you, you know. You have zero respect, even less pay.

Blaze	Most people see you as running around stepping in blood, messing up your own cases, losing dockets and taking bribes.

Blaze	But... you don't look like that.

Natalie	Because I look good in an evening dress?

Blaze	No.

Natalie	No I don't look good in an evening dress?

Blaze	You look breathtaking in an evening dress... 

Blaze	...it's just that you're so much more than that.

Natalie	So this is our first officially civilized date?

Blaze	Civilized?

Natalie	Boy picks up girl at home for dinner.

Blaze	Ah so, you like things civilized?

Natalie	Some. Have to balance out the mess.

Blaze	I will try be then.

Natalie	Just keep me awake... make me laugh... and you're good.

Blaze	Hey, this is my city okay. I happen to have a name here. You’re not going to some Nando's or random bottle store. I will show you Jozi.

Natalie	Okay. Just give me one sec.

Blaze	Sure.

Blaze	So you sleep in here every night with this?

Natalie	The canvas can be a courtroom where "Within the drama of the painting I am the prosecution... the judge, the jury, and the defence". 

Natalie	Philip Guston once said that.

Blaze	Ah, English midfielder, seventies?

Natalie	An artist. He was speaking about judgement. That painting keeps my guilt in check.	

Natalie	Shall we?	

Lesego	What-it-do JP.

Jean-Pierre	Good, very good... hey…

Lesego	What you say?

Jean-Pierre	I said I'm very good. Would you like to know why I'm very good?

Lesego	What’s that?

Jean-Pierre	Because tomorrow Masimela's gonna have Apollo's entire front four in his back-pocket.	

Lesego	Oh yeah yeah yeah, you rep that nigger don't you?

Jean-Pierre	That's right I do, but do you know who else I should represent though?

Lesego	Who?

Jean-Pierre	You.

Lesego	Yeah maybe in the future but, for now, look you know, Blaze is my dawg you know. 

Jean-Pierre	Yeah. Alright.

Jean-Pierre	I mean this is the twilight of your career.

Lesego	More like the prime motherfucker.

Jean-Pierre	Sure, sure. You know what you stay with that buffoon you call your agent. You two deserve each other.

Lesego	That Masimela piece of shit, he's not worthy to even wipe my fucking ass, let alone wash my boots.

Jean-Pierre	I agree, I agree. But you know who's going to take over your boots very soon.

Lesego	Who?

Jean-Pierre	Herve.

Lesego	Herve?

Jean-Pierre	Huh. The smart money’s on him.

Jean-Pierre	He’s the future and you Moleko, you’re already… ancient fucking history.

Lesego	Nigger please man.

Jean-Pierre	Phumlani told me he's set to start tomorrow.

Lesego	Yeah so whatever man…

Jean-Pierre	Hey good luck for tomorrow huh. Good luck. Don't be outshone by the wonder boy.

Blaze	Corrina.

Corrina	She makes you look good.

Corrina	Whatever you need.

Blaze	Thanks Corrina.

Blaze	I took the liberty of getting us an orchestra.

Herve	Coming?

Herve	Lesego?

Lesego	Aaaaah, motherfucker. And what the fuck are you wearing?

Herve	Oh sorry, you, you were banging too hard, I didn't have time put pants on.

Lesego	No, that shit around your neck, idiot.

Herve	Oh. This is amatayum.

Lesego	Ama-what?

Herve	Dude it's for success tomorrow. For us to win the game.
Lesego	We are going.

Herve	Go? Where?

Lesego	Hitting the streets.

Herve	Dude, I'm in middle of something here.

Lesego	Huh, yeah right, like you got some ass in the bathroom or something?

Herve	No, no. Dude I was talking to Mohammed.

Lesego	Who?

Herve	Dude it's, um... it's a spirit... ancestors. For us to win the game tomorrow.

Lesego	You don't need any of that shit.

Herve	Then I have to sleep.

Lesego	No. We hitting the streets. First we gonna hit some couple of drinks. Maybe light a blunt. Gonna get you some nice thick Zulu ass.

Herve	Dude I, I don't understand.

Lesego	Okay so, uh, traditions. Yeah? You have traditions, well we have ours, okay. So this is your initiation motherfucker. Okay? Tonight we gonna fucken rip it up man.

Blaze	Thank you.

Natalie	Are you seriously going to make me drink alone by myself all night?

Blaze	Yes, yes I am.

Natalie	But why?

Blaze	I just don't trust the 'me' that drinks sometimes. 

Blaze	Let’s just say…

Lesego	Rule number one, you always gotta look fly. Fuck just call Blaze. You gotta get yourself a stylist. What is this crap?

Herve 	I think Blaze would want me to stay here.

Lesego	No, he's not the player that's debuting tomorrow. We're going.

Herve	Dude, I... I don't know.

Lesego	Who's the number one goal scorer in the league?

Herve	It’s you.

Lesego	Who won most valuable player last year?

Herve	It's you.

Lesego	Who's the captain?
Herve	It's you.

Lesego	I got you bitch. You're safe with me.

Herve	Are you sure?

Lesego	Herve, listen, what do you think I was doing the night before the game? Huh? Huh? Wait for it. What do you think Blaze was doing motherfucker? Huh? Come on, dance with me boy.

Natalie	You big on family?

Blaze	Yeah and I got a growing one too. Let's see. Herve, Godi, Mila, Pascal, Vuyo, Kimmy... I suppose Chris.

Natalie	You've got kids.

Blaze	No, no, no, no, no. The closest thing to them. They're part of my agency.

Natalie	No I mean blood.

Blaze	Well that kind cracks easier than most people seem to think.

Natalie	Hmm. Shame.

Blaze	Is that pity?

Natalie	I mean sort of. I mean, my people mean everything to me.

Natalie	My three brothers anyway, but uh, two of them are only around nowadays.

Natalie	My older brothers, um, Tyrone and Maurice.

Blaze	The youngest?

Natalie	Ja... he um... he walked into a gang crossfire just turning around a corner.

Blaze	I'm, I’m sorry I didn't mean to--

Natalie	It's okay, it's actually one of the main reasons I decided to become a detective.	

Blaze	So that others don't go the same way?

Natalie	It's what keeps me going.

Blaze	No, it's good, that you, that you have your brothers around of-course. No question on who you call when times get hard.

Natalie	Who do you call?

Blaze	Godi, my P.A.

Natalie	Hmmm.

Blaze	Is that pity again?

Natalie	Oh ja.

Lesego	Alright. Shots?
Herve 	Uh, no.

Nina	Definitely.

Lesego	Four tequilas.

Herve	I said I’m okay.

Lesego	Sorry man I didn't hear you?

Herve	I don’t drink… I can’t--

Lesego	Actually, I don't give a fuck. Hu uh, we gonna party tonight.

Blaze	Which hood are you from? The Flats?

Natalie	I can't be from the Bay? 

Natalie	My brothers got caught up in that life. You know, it's not easy to love and hate where you're from at the same time?

Blaze	This is Africa.

Natalie	Yeah I suppose, but that's a different place, the Flats. You know, I grew up knee deep in idiots trading shots over nothing... nothing. 

Natalie	And then little kids paying for it. It’s bullshit.

Natalie	What?

Blaze	It's just when you got drama in your life you tend to forget that it's real for other people too.

Natalie	Real is what I always want.

Blaze	Hey?

Natalie	Whatever's happening here between us can we just be real with each other?

Blaze	Sounds good to me.

Lesego	Yeah! 

Lesego	Let's fuck shit uuuuuuuup!

Lesego	Got the eyes baby.

Nina	Yeah.

Lesego	Wooo. Hey you, come on, you gotta drink up. 

Nina	What's the matter? You think you're going to get injured on the dance floor?

Herve	I don't dance.

Nina	And I heard so much about your footwork.

Nina	Come on.

Lesego	Ooooooh.

Blaze	I'm sorry, I need to take this…

Natalie	It’s okay. 

Blaze	I'm in the middle of something.

Jade	Well so are your boys.

Blaze	Who?

Jade	Lesego and Herve, they're in the nightclub with the model... 

Jade	... and they're not sipping on apple juice.

Jade	Isn't it a school night? I got a tip off so... I came to check myself.

Blaze	I didn't even know you were in town?

Jade	I'm covering the game tomorrow, remember?

Blaze	Yeah now that you mention it. Well what spot is this?

Jade	Yeah, a place called Vogue.

Blaze	Gotcha.

Jade	Your kids love running fire drills, don't they? But what happens when it's the real shit and I'm not here to pull the alarm?

Blaze	God forbid. I owe you, thanks.

Blaze	This is not how I pictured our first night ending, but I, I gotta bounce.

Natalie	Something wrong?

Blaze	Well two of my kids are acting up.

Natalie	Slick.

Blaze	What?

Natalie	Sounds like code. You know an emergency call you get when the second night isn't quite living up to the promise of the first.

Blaze	Being a detective and a psych major is not good for your levels of paranoia.

Natalie	Maybe.

Blaze	Two of my players decided to get cute the night before a game, before a big game, so I need to go and crack the whip.

Blaze	If you don't believe me, you can come with me?

Natalie	Are you sure I mean I…

Blaze	No
Natalie	No I can, I can go home, it's no biggie. It's fine, it's fine.

Blaze	I insist so you can see that I'm not making it up.

Natalie	Alright. If you insist.

Blaze	After you man.

Blaze	Thank you.

Blaze	Is this how you prepare for the biggest game of your life?

Herve	Uh, I'm doing footwork.

Blaze	Where the fuck is Lesego?

Herve	All the, all the way…

Blaze	This is Herve. The next big thing.

Blaze	Oh fuck! Jean-Pierre! 

Natalie	Who’s that?

Blaze	My frenemy. We need to get out of here now. Now, now, now, follow me.

Blaze	Faster. Quickly.

Blaze	We don’t have the whole day, come on. Move! Move!

Blaze	Do you think he saw us?

Natalie	I don't think so.

Nina	I'm not playing tomorrow, why are you sending me home?

Blaze	Nina, if you don't go home your man doesn't go home.

Nina	My man? My man huh? If he's my man where is he?

Natalie	What's the plan?

Blaze	Can I ask you to babysit these two?

Natalie	Okay. 

Blaze	Can you also get them an Uber, I promise I’ll pay you back, okay.

Natalie	Sure.

Blaze	Alright.

Herve	Are we still going back, right?

Blaze	Lesego? Where are you?

Indian Girl	What the fuck man?

Lesego	Uh, she put the whole fucken thing in her mouth, man she even licked my balls.	

Lesego	I'm sorry brother. 

Lesego 	Hey, Blaze... hey yo.

Lesego	Well fancy seeing you here sweet thing.

Natalie	Yes, how unfortunate.

Lesego	Drunken gibberish

Blaze	Seriously?

Lesego	One thing is for sure... please... drunken gibberish. Just have one.

Blaze	Hotel please. No stops.

Jean-Pierre	Merde!

Blaze	Are you looking for someone?

Jean-Pierre	You know what I hate the most?

Blaze	Everything. Like most haters.

Jean-Pierre	No, no, no... what I hate the most are amateurs hiding their incompetence under a suit.	

Blaze	Look, lighten up, it's a Friday and I'm on a date.

Jean-Pierre 	I'm sorry, excusi moi madam, but this man is no agent. He's an imposter.

Natalie	Wow, he really is your frenemy.

Jean-Pierre	You don't handle players Blaze. You handle fires.

Blaze	You're making it really awkward for me.

Jean-Pierre	You're right, you're right. I’m... excusi moi madam. He', he’ss right, I'm very sorry.	

Jean-Pierre	And by the way, you're way out of his league. Bonsoir.

Jean-Pierre	Good evening.

Natalie	Doesn't like you much, does he?

Blaze	He used to work for my agency and…

Natalie	What?

Blaze	He used to be my agent when I was still a pro.

Blaze	Did I thank you for tonight?

Natalie	No.

Blaze	Guess I'll owe you one. 

Blaze	Your place?

Lesego	Wooo, that club was fucking lit. 

Lesego	You know you're my one and only baby girl, right?

Nina	Is that so? Tell me what took you so long in the toilet?

Lesego	Baby I had a lot of drinks and so I had to take a piss in the bathroom.

Nina	I didn't drink enough to buy your bullshit, sweetheart.

Lesego	Junior come help me make some drinks.

Lesego	Haha, okay... 

Lesego	So... you like what you see?

Herve	What? Who?

Lesego	You idiot. Oh you're going to be great tomorrow. Lemme see. Haha. There Nina, huh? Don't you want some of that?

Herve	Dude, she's with you.

Lesego	No but that has nothing to do with any hook ups in Joburg.

Herve	Hook up? Who is hooking up?

Lesego	Ai, I refuse. I know you're 18 and all that. You know the lights of Jozi they're like fucken making you dizzy and shit, but I don't buy this 'Aaah excuse me I'm lost' bullshit because you're from North Africa my nigger.

Lesego	Shit gets real up there. What happens to you?

Herve	I mean I'm, I'm real. What you mean?

Nina	What's the blah blah about?

Lesego	It's soccer. We talking about soccer.

Nina	Of-course.

Lesego	She's ready. She wants it, look at her, hmm? A girl, tipsy, she's been dancing all night. She’s mad at her boyfriend.

Lesego	This is your chance boy, you can score your first goal tonight okay.

Lesego	So... drink.

Lesego	To you first goal. That's it. 

Lesego	Yes junior.

Lesego	And now boy, you getting a through pass in the 18 area, the defenders are behind you... it’s just you and the goalkeeper…

Lesego	… what are you gonna do, huh?

Lesego	There you go. Don't waste time baba. Control the ball and all you've gotta do is put it in the back of the net.

Herve	Hey Nina. Do you wanna come to my room? Maybe have a couple of drinks?

Lesego	There you go boy. There you go.

Lesego	Yeah, just like that. That's my boy.

Lesego	Ah man fuck off son. What the fuck are you doing huh?

Lesego	Shut the fuck up. Huh? Are you old enough to take my shit? Are you old enough to take my girl?

Nina	Ah stop it! Stop it, Lesego! STOP IT!

Lesego	Piss off!

Nina	Stop it!

Lesego	Are you molesting kids now huh Nina?

Nina	You fucking psycho. You need help... deliverance... something.

Lesego	Hmm.

Lesego	Ah man fuck off you bitch.

Natalie	Thank you for walking me to my door.

Blaze	Well I wasn't raised by hyenas. I wanted to make sure you're safe.

Natalie	I was being sarcastic. If there’s anybody inside there, you're more likely to run like a bitch.	

Blaze	Ouch.

Jerry	I told you you'll be back.

Blaze	You sure did timer.

Jerry	Love makes us fools, ne?

Blaze	Ha ha. Who said anything about love? Hmm?

Jerry	Those dreams you're having...

Jerry	... they're not dreams.

Jerry	…they're premonitions…

Godi	Hello Blaze.

Blaze	Miss G?

Godi	Yeah. I'm hanging onto your girl's phone. If you want to know if she swore at you for not being here for her?

Blaze	Yeah?

Godi	She cursed you and yours out.

Blaze	Is she okay?

Godi	She's in with the director now. I’ve prepped her. Ja, she'll be all right.

Blaze	Alright thanks Miss. I owe you one.

Godi	Uh hey, you will cry when I come to collect. You're boring me now, bye.

Casting Director	Shhh!

Godi	Yoo!

Sean	Uh just for your information we uh record all our auditions from start to finish, okay. We're uh, already rolling.

Mila	Ok.

Sean	Cool so just give us a profile, left, right, age, name, age, and you know all that shit.

Mila	My name is Mila Dior, I am 23 years old and I'm with Ace Management. I also speak a few languages, English, French and a little bit of bullshit.

Sean	Do you think this audition is a joke Miss Dior?

Mila	No. I'm sorry, I’m sorry it was stupid, I'm sorry…

Sean	Just so you know, this role might come with some nudity and some uh sexual simulation, are you cool with that?

Mila	But this... but this, this is a telenovela.

Sean	Was a telenovela. It's a feature film now... we just uh got the greenlight from the broadcaster.

Sean	And we gonna be um, pushing the envelope quite hard here.

Mila	Okay but my, my agent said--

Sean	Forget what your agent said okay, are you cool with it or not?

Mila	Well if it serves the narrative and it's not handled gratuitously, yeah.

Sean	Great. Great.

Sean	You got that on tape?

Sean	Stop rolling.

Sean	Get down.

Mila	Excuse me?

Sean	I wanna see a rawness in your performance. Hmm. I want you to, to strip it all down, okay... you're getting interrogated in the scene, so sit down.

Mila	Okay. Umm...

Sean	Go.

Mila	I suppose I suppose I hide things. My emotions... inside me. It's just the way that life made me.

Mila	I don't let people in. I block them. 

Mila	I can’t show them my emotions.

Mila	Because when I sh…

Mila	When I show them my emotions.

Sean	Ummm, something happened when you were five?

Mila	What?

Sean	Scene 6. I just wanna do the interrogation. Something happened when you were five.	

Mila	Why do you wanna know about that?

Sean	Tell us or there's no food today.

Mila	Who's us?

Sean	Just enough, just tell us.

Mila	Fuck you.

Sean	That was great. Just great. Ja, I think we'll be able to work together huh  .

Lesego	There he is.

Lesego	Are you sharp, bra?

Herve	Stay away from me.

Lesego	Eh? What, what did you say?

Herve	Dude get away from me.

Lesego	Ah what's wrong now?

Herve	You know... with Nina…

Lesego	Oh, man I don't even remember half the shit that went down last night. If I said anything to offend you, I'm sorry man.


Herve	Dude, my body's painful, please.

Lesego	Fuck dude, why do you smell like a German beer fest, the morning after.

Herve	I couldn't keep everything at breakfast.

Lesego	Geez dude, you telling me you didn't pop a pill before you went to bed?

Herve	Dude I slept. The maid woke me up.

Lesego	Fuck dude. Jirrra! A fucking amateur.

Herve	What? You did this. You were like talking, talking, saying some funny things, you say no we going to, no we going to to do ini..

Lesego	Initiation.

Herve	Yeah that one.

Lesego	Don’t trip over yourself.

Lesego	Fuck.

Herve	Now if the big man smell me he will just send me home in the next flight. If he even puts me in the first team. Just go.

Lesego	Shit! Get it together man. Fuck!

Herve	Dude, why... you never listen? Just move.

Blaze	Did you tell yourself one day that you're going to make it your life's work to make mine impossible?

Lesego	Oh is this about the kid, right?

Blaze	The kid? He is not a kid. Not anymore. Not since the day he got off that plane, he became an investment.

Blaze	You know what he is? He's an ambassador to Marlboro fucken United.

Lesego	Man, I, I thought he could--

Blaze	He does not get to be a kid anymore and neither do you.

Lesego	I thought he could handle it.

Blaze	You don't think for my clients Les, that's my job.

Lesego	Okay aye aye boss.

Blaze	Your sorry means shit to me right now, alright. Its one hour before the match, that's sixty minutes and look at him… huh?

Blaze	He looks like he needs a fucken AA meeting.

Lesego	He'll sweat it out at warm up.


Blaze	You better, you better hope so.

Lesego	Friend, you know the heavy nights are part of game dog.

Blaze	You shut up.

Lesego	He better learn that now.

Blaze	He's coming out today, what's the world going to see?

Blaze	And why do you smell like you've been drinking tea all day?

Lesego	Because I's a war veteran.

Blaze	You a... fucking piece of shit, that’s what you are.

Lesego	Blaze, Blaze, come on.

Blaze	Hey, hey, you don't get to talk to me. You grow up first, and then you talk to me, okay.

Lesego	This is not such a big deal.

Blaze	It's not a big deal?

Blaze	For a whole year the wolves have been knocking at my door. 

Blaze	My doorstep and now I finally get to see what the possibilities are and you want to take it away from me because you got bored last night?

Christopher	Someone stolen your toys?

Blaze	The team sheets are out. Herve's in United's first eleven.

Christopher	Great?

Blaze	It would be, if Lesego didn't take him out and got him wasted last night. Look Chris, he's in no condition to play.

Christopher	Alright. So what are you gonna do about it?

Blaze	There's more. Vuyo didn't make the final cut.

Christopher	He’s benched?

Blaze	Yeah.

Christopher	What's Zoe's thinking behind this?

Blaze	She has no intention of playing him.

Christopher	Yeah, the question is why.

Blaze	That will trigger his 100th appearance bonus.

Christopher	So fix it so it doesn't become a bad habit, yeah.

Christopher	Good.

Lesego	Boys dominate.

Team	Awe.

Lesego	Boys, dominate.

Team	Awe.

Lesego	Boys dominate. Okay we stay focused on the game boys.

Walter	And now, what's going on here? 

Lesego	I think it's the nerves…

Walter	Nerves?

Lesego	I think debut... debut nerves.

Walter	Kwaku... warm up. You're in.

Lesego	Boys dominate.

Team	Awe.

Brian 	Here comes Lesego Moleko, he gets inside, and the flag stays down, ooooh, he can’t finish.

Reggie 	The Marlboro captain has had a couple of decent shots on target this half, but he could have done better there.

Brian	One can only imagine if Toure was on the field of play how different things could have been. Oh my goodness!

Natalie	You want some pity?

Blaze	Yeah.
