Voice Over	Previously on Agent.

Phumlani	We would like to begin with a song of praise for my father.

Ademola	Is it true that you've sent Herve Toure to the under seventeens?

Phumlani	There is no question, ladies and gentleman that indeed Toure is a very very talented young player.

Blaze	She knows Chris. Natalie, she knows.

Christopher	Fuck me.

Blaze	She... she was okay with it.

Christopher	She’s okay with it? Mate, she's a copper.

Jade	Mister Dube, there has been lots of speculation regarding the recent movements of club captain Lesego Moleko... 

Jade	... who has missed the last three games and wasn't with the team at the awards dinner.

Phumlani	Mister Moleko has been granted a period of compassionate leave, just to sort out a family issue.

Zoe	Find out what it's going to take to nab that kid Toure. You leave Magoba out of this one.

Godi	Anything happens...

Mila	If anything goes down I promise I'll call you right away, okay? I'm a big girl.

Olipha	I will burn some incense tonight... 

Olipha	... when everything is all set... 

Olipha	I will need an atlas bone to silence his screams.

Lesego	Jade, they... they’re discharging me. Do you think you could 

Jade	... pick you up?

Lesego	Yeah.

Phumlani	You see Blaze and his clients...

Phumlani	... they cannot be trusted. They are just not part of my plans anymore.

Natalie	Are you guys for real?

Lesego	I, I want to tell you personally, genuinely, that I, I'm sorry for everything.

Blaze	Investigation?

Natalie	An investigation into alleged rape and culpable homicide. Prime suspects, Blaze Slindile Magoba and Lesego Moleko.
 
Christopher	You gonna make me ask?

Blaze	It won't agree with you.

Christopher	Yeah I'll be the judge of that.

Blaze	She wants to open a criminal investigation against Lesego and I.

Christopher	And by association me.

Blaze	Yeah.

Christopher	Yeah you're right, it's not agreeing with me. You do realize she's going to destroy us all?

Blaze	She's bluffing. What's done is done. 

Blaze	I fell... hard.

Christopher	Mate, I don't care if you did it for love or money, it's a toxic decision.

Blaze	Yeah but... have you ever fallen in love?

Christopher	Sure and I've made some irrational choices along the way, but this is something else.

Blaze	Look, with all due respect Christopher, I don't care if you understand why I told her or not, but telling her what happened  that was therapeutic.

Christopher	Then you see a psychologist. You do not talk to a criminal profiler at the very top of her game. Of all the people you could find to tell a secret to... Detective Isaacs had to be the worst possible...	

Blaze	But you speak as if you know her?

Christopher	Yes mate and if you're asking me if I did my homework, then yes I did mate. Because that's my job, it's my business to know who my enemies are.

Blaze	She's not the enemy here.

Christopher	You reckon? You reckon? I'm asking you that mate when you're holding... gripping steel prison bars, because Bubba is holding you the fuck down. You get me?

Lesego	Did I wake you? I'm sorry. 

Lesego	Did you sleep okay? 

Jade	Yeah.

Lesego	Hey I've been thinking. Actually Phumlani's never liked me... or Blaze.

Jade	Well, in his defence you've been a mess off the pitch for years.

Lesego	Yeah, I was off the rails.

Jade	Yeah but if the drugs helped your performance, was it fair?

Lesego	It... it wasn't fair babe. Let's face it, I cheated. But I chose this road and now I have to follow it all the way to the end.

Lesego	Hey, I wanna see something... on your back. Who did your back tattoos?

Jade	The Blue Dolphin always hooks me up. 

Jade	You know finding a tattoo artist is like supporting a team. 

Jade	They stand by you, and you stand by them.

Lesego	And who's this? With the tongue sticking out?

Jade	It's for protection. The goddess Kali.

Christopher	You’ve conveniently forgot to mention your star client all the way through breakfast?

Blaze	What do you want me to say, huh? It's as if he came out a new person out of rehab. And I've 

told you this.	

Christopher	If the boy who cried wolf said so, let's believe him.

Blaze	But don't you think that I thought it was bullshit? You know I'm his biggest critic. But there's something different...

Christopher	He has always, always been a social chameleon?

Blaze	But it's not that. It's, It’s like he finally reached a point where he realizes that he’s destroying everything around him, often me.

Christopher	You'll forgive me if I don't make up my mind just yet.

Blaze	Alright, look, I'm going to practice and I'm gonna meet him there.

Blaze	If you don't believe me, you're welcome to join me.

Christopher	Don't mind if I do, lead the way young man.

Godi	Ja, it wasn't easy, but... hey buti, buti. here... I managed to get you a seat next to me in the box.

Monte	And where is this box?

Godi	Well it's where the VIPs watch the game.

Monte	Mmm. So is Lesego going to be there in the box?

Godi	Well, he might make an appearance later, I don’t know.

Monte	You see, it, it would be nice if I can get a signed t-shirt for my

Godi	Your cousin.

Monte	Ja.

Godi	Yes, I remember.

Monte	Ja.

Godi	For your cousin.

Monte	Uh uh ja ja... look, I think my cousin is going to like this. Thank you sisi.

Monte	You know, you've got a good heart sisi, you're not like the others...

Godi	The others?

Monte	Ja...

Monte 	... like other people...

Monte	... who destroy other peoples' lives, you know, and they pretend to care, meantime all they care about is themselves.

Godi	Eh... ehh, Godi Zulu, Ace Management, oh ja ja, just uh, just one minute for me okay...

Godi	Anything more?

Monte	No, aai, it's grand.

Godi	Ja okay bye.

Monte	Sure.

Godi	Right... yes ummm okay, we'll see if we can get Herve for you.

Giovanni 	Quicker, quicker! More energy, come on.

Lesego	It's been lonely around here with- without you.

Lesego	Haaa Frenchy, you missed me?

Herve	Hey, watch my hair, watch it. Ja.

Lesego	Okay let me fix it. Just fix it?

Herve	No, stop it.

Herve	I mean, especially whole last week... dude they had me training with under 17s!

Lesego	Ja dude, relax. I mean look, when I was your age just breaking in, they sent me out on loan to Arrows for half a season. So if you spend a week with the academy, it's not the end of the world.

Herve	Ja but that's what you say when you used to the first team hey?

Lesego	Ja but look you’ve got your whole career ahead of you kid so... patience.

Herve	You actually taught me, if you want something, you go for it.

Giovanni	Quicker, quicker, I want more energy guys, come...

Lesego 	I was wrong though. I was wrong about a lot of things that I said man... and things that I did to you.	

Herve	What you mean, you were wrong?

Lesego	Dude, I've been a terrible role model let's be honest. I just... the night before your debut, I got you smashed. That could've destroyed you. 

Lesego	And then I got to try... I got you to try sleep with my girlfriend. And when you made a move, I tried to fuck you up... and freaking Mau-Mauritius as well.

Herve	Yeah but dude, Mauritius was actually the best thing that ever happen to me.

Lesego	Why, because you got some ass? Look that would have happened sooner or later. For real though, I'm sorry I led you astray.

Herve	Yeah... don't be sorry. Actually, I need to thank you.

Lesego	For what?

Herve	Dude, I'd like to thank you for showing me how big I can be... you know the thing with Blaze is like... you know things can be really slow... and I know you his friend but... but dude this club is not for me.

Giovanni	Moleko, Herve, it's not catch up time. Come on. I can run faster than this, come on. 

Sean	You know uhh...

Sean	... young actresses would die for what you have, huh?

Mila	Hmm. I'd do a lot for this character. None of which would be possible from the grave.

Sean	So uh, what else would you do?

Mila	Hmm.

Sean	Um... well as you know, you've got a, a nudity scene coming up. And um... I just, I just need to know what I'm working with. 

Sean	You know, so I can, light you up.

Mila	Okay...

Sean	And um, and that's why I came to see you separately, you know so...

Sean	I can't tell beneath all of that...

Mila	You want...  You want me to, uh...

Sean	Have you got a problem with that, Miss Dior?

Mila	No... no problem.

Sean	Okay

Sean	I, uh I, I need to see the full picture here, okay.

Sean	Full picture.

Sean	I said, everything.

Lesego	Did Blaze talk to you about next season?

Herve 	Well he says for me to sit tight.

Lesego	Fair enough, he told me the same thing.

Herve	I would really like to know what I must look forward to.

Lesego	Ja the thing is, this is about to a new world man. New owner. Things are about to change.

Herve	Ja but dude I, I just signed...

Lesego	I wouldn’t be surprised if you and I are not here next season.

Herve	That’s what I’m saying, I just signed my contract a few months ago.

Lesego	Ja but that’s football, things change. But things work out the way they’re supposed to work out, I believe that man, just don’t, don’t blame Blaze if anything happens okay. He’s had your back from day one.

Herve	Yeah but, you don’t think other agent can do better?

Lesego	Another agent?

Herve	Yeah.

Lesego	Like who?

Herve	I don’t know like whoever, it’s just an example.

Lesego	Another one.

Lesego	Ah.

Kim 	Hau, didn't Santiago say you should only start stretching from next week?

Vuyo  	My groin is fine babe.

Kim 	Sit down.

Kim 	You’re the same guy who said that last time and you were out an entire six weeks.

Vuyo	But I didn't hear you complaining then?

Kim	I'm not, I'm not complaining.

Kim 	I'm just saying, take it easy.

Kim	So um... ja...

Kim 	I want us to talk about something.

Vuyo  	What's wrong?

Kim	It's gonna sound strange at first.

Vuyo  	What’s going on babe? You’re starting to scare me. I’ve never seen you like this.

Kim	I'm pregnant!

Vuyo	Pregnant?

Kim	Pregnant.

Vuyo  	Mine?

Kim 	Hau... yes yours.

Vuyo  	You telling me I'm going to be a father! I'm going to have a baby, is that what’s going on here?

Kim	Uh huh.

Vuyo	For real?

Kim	For real real.

Vuyo  	And I thought you'd picked up a bit of weight.

Kim  	I see you’re teasing me now.

Vuyo	Wow.

Kim	Yeah.

Mila	Yeah... people have been very helpful. This has been one heck of a learning experience.

Mila	Ja... people have been very kind to me, very helpful.

Mila	No, no. I just miss you and wished you guys could be here. Ma is... is dad there?

Mila	Could I say hi?

Mila	I know. Okay, alright I love you. I, I have to get back to work. I love you. Bye.

Christopher	What's the angle here guvnor?

Lesego	There's no angle Chris.

Christopher	As opposed to all the other times?

Lesego	Okay I deserve that.

Christopher	How magnanimous of you.

Lesego	I know you think this is probably all an act right, because that's all it’s ever been?

Christopher	Can't argue you with you there.

Lesego	You probably think I'm gonna press the self-destruction button again, but I've had an epiphany Chris.

Christopher	So Blaze tells me.

Lesego	I looked God in the face that night. I totalled my car. And He looked, he looked back at me, at my very soul and gave me a second chance.

Christopher	And now here you are born again, a new man, innit?

Lesego	It's something I thought about at rehab. I didn't know how you and Blaze, you just, you just put up with me all this time. Six years after I put you into this fucking shit-storm.

Christopher	You always produced the results on the pitch, despite your off-field shenanigans.

Lesego	But I was a fucking mess. Okay let's say it like how it was... Blaze knew it, you knew it and worst of all... I knew it. I raped that girl.

Christopher	Lower your fucking voice.

Blaze	I understand that you're frustrated?

Herve	Very.

Blaze	Eight weeks ago you were starting every game and Walter was in charge.

Herve	I don't care about what happened eight weeks ago. I don't even care about what happens tomorrow. It's the last game anyway. All I care about is the next season. And the season after that one.

Blaze	I spoke to Phumlani and that's why you back training with the first team again. Look, I'll speak to him again today, convince him to play you.

Herve	Yeah but that's what you say for the last few games. I'm not even on the bench, never mind the pitch. 

Herve	I'm an orange peeler for the under 17s!

Blaze	Just work hard

Herve	Don’t give me that

Blaze	And train hard.

Herve	Blaze, please, please, don't give me that speech. None of that makes any sense if the owner of the club doesn't like my agent.

Lesego	I stole her innocence.

Christopher	Everyone on this planet and I mean everyone... has at least one deep dark secret in the recesses of their mind. 

Christopher	Some let it control them, others move on. The problem with you two fuckwits, is you never learnt to move on.

Lesego	Wasn't you that raped that girl. Wasn't you that killed the boy.

Blaze	Hey... look at me.

Blaze	You wouldn't be at this football club if I didn't discover you that day in Abidjan. You were playing football with makeshift goal posts on the street. Alright, now this is the game. It has got extreme highs, and it's got lows. 

Blaze	It's all part and parcel of the game. Now you could be a great player some day, but you just started.

Herve	What do you mean I just started? I prove myself.

Blaze	No. Eight games is not proof. Yes, fair enough, you did better than expected for your age... 

Blaze	... but you still got a long way to go and if you don't learn to be patient, you gonna burn out... and ruin any chance you have of being great. Is that what you want?

Christopher	But it was me aiding and abetting you in your crime because you asked me to.

Lesego	Ja we should have never have brought you in.

Christopher	But you did. So don't try that charm offensive bollocks with me, it don't work bruv.

Lesego	Chris, I mean... whether you choose to believe it or not, that’s up to you... but, but I'm a changed man.

Christopher	If that's really the case, I'm pleased for you bruv.

Christopher	But let me say one thing...

Christopher	... if you ever, cross Blaze again, I will fucking end you.

Christopher	But I don't need to worry about that, do I? You're a changed man, innit?

Blaze	Do you trust me? Do you think JP cares about your career?

Herve	Yeah but, but JP

Blaze	Uh, don't answer me now. I want you to really think about it, let it sink in. We've been together for four months. I've been in your shoes before and I've made some really bad calls.

Blaze	I don't want you to do the same? Do you understand me?

Herve	Blaze it's just that... everything is so uncertain.

Blaze	I know, I know, one day you're training with the first team, then the next you're training with the academy. If the owner of the club does not want you here, then we'll find you a new home with another big South African team or even abroad. 

Blaze	Because God knows with the way Phumlani is running this team, I wouldn't be surprised if Marlboro's relegated next season. 

Blaze	We good here, right?

Phumlani	Here you go Makhosi.

Phumlani	Is this it?


Olipha	Yes, that’s it, where is the atlas bone?

Phumlani	I’ll bring it tomorrow. There’s someone who is organising it for me.

Olipha	Is it your friend from the North?

Phumlani	He’s very trustworthy Makhosi.

Phumlani	If I may I ask, has there been any message from the ancestors?

Olipha	Yes they understand your resentment toward Moleko.

Phumlani	But do they agree with it?

Olipha	Yes because your father deserted the traditions of this club and even his own traditions. 

Olipha	That’s why this team is no longer successful.

Phumlani	All of this changes tomorrow Makhosi.

Olipha	I’ve heard some rumours, that you’re not allowing Moleko to play.

Phumlani	He must play in order for this muthi to work Makhosi.

Phumlani	We will allow him to play.

Olipha	We give thanks.

Phumlani	We give thanks.

Olipha	I will perform the ritual properly first thing tomorrow, before the game starts.

Olipha	I will bury this shoe...

Olipha	... and finish it off with muthi.

Olipha	I will conjure up the spirits and then ask the ancestors to make this ritual a success...

Olipha	... this is where the atlas bone will be needed.

Olipha	We give thanks.

Phumlani	We give thanks.

Phumlani	I trust you Makhosi.

Olipha	No!

Olipha	… it is our ancestors, they guide us. Give thanks

Phumlani	They give us strength. We give thanks.

Olipha	We give thanks.

Christopher	You sure the kid's not going to be tapped up? I mean, it's happened before.

Blaze	Nah, I got through to him.

Christopher	Mmm. Let's hope I got through to Les.

Blaze	Told you. He's done a 360, yeah?

Christopher	Leopards don't change their spots mate, once an addict always an addict.

Blaze	So you gonna stay here with him?

Blaze	The guy hasn't touched or driven since his accident...

Christopher	Accident? Don't you mean the time he met God?

Blaze	Chris.

Vuyo	I know we didn’t really talk about this earlier…

Vuyo	... but how far along are you?

Kim	I can’t say I’m one hundred percent sure.

Vuyo	It’s because I’ve noticed a baby bump lately...

Vuyo	... and you've been sick in the mornings.

Kim	Maybe...

Kim	... three months.

Vuyo	Three months and you only found out now?

Kim	If I'm being honest...

Kim	... I’ve known for a bit...

Kim	Maybe a month, I think.

Vuyo	But why would you keep such good news from me?

Kim	Because I wasn’t sure if us having a baby would make you happy right now.

Vuyo	Of course I’m happy about it.

Kim	Well you never say things like that to me Vuyo...

Vuyo	I am so ecstatic, you have no idea.

Kim	You are the best to me.

Lesego	Nice one, nice one.

Lesego	Was a tough one. 

Blaze	You looking good.

Lesego	Ah thank you.

Lesego	And then Christopher? 

Lesego	He said he'd kill me if I... 

Lesego	... don’t stop fucking with you.

Blaze	Good. 

Blaze	You should listen to him.

Lesego	Oh man. Oh you know what.

Lesego	Can we go passed Nina’s place?

Blaze	What for?

Lesego	It's actually a uh, part of recovery. I need to apologize to every person that I've hurt and abused.	

Blaze	I know, but can't you just let this one be?

Lesego	No B, I'm not, I’m not trying to get her back, it's just, I need to say I'm sorry and mean it.

Blaze	So you want closure?

Lesego	Don’t you?

Blaze	Where does she stay these days?

Lesego	Uh, JP's... a place called Château Levamour... in Bryanston.

Zoe	Fuck!

Zoe	Nikolaki, come here now.

Nick	What are you looking for madam?

Zoe	It's my lucky Kruger coin, the one my dad left me.

Nick	So usually you hide it in that secret compartment.

Zoe	I looked there, it's not there.

Nick	That's probably because you changed your mind and decided to put it in the folder labelled 'ticket revenue'.

Zoe	And don't take that tone with me! 

Zoe	I'm about to do something very impulsive.

Nick	Don't tell me it's about Herve again? I've spoken to Marlboro and they're playing hardball. This is not worth it.

Zoe	I want him.

Nick	No disrespect madam, but you've been pleading poverty all season, cutting costs left, right and center... and now you just want to splash the cash?

Zoe	Gonna splash the cash Nicki! Huh he. Gonna offer nine and a half million up-front. Fuck allotment of payments. That's exactly what we gonna do.

Nick	You'll break the local transfer record!

Zoe	Sometimes you just gotta break some shit to get what you want.

Nick	Yeah yeah, for someone who hasn't even proved himself yet? Who isn't even on the map? This is madness.
Zoe	It's gonna be great; it's gonna be great, it’s gonna be great because we gonna turn him into a huge superstar and then we just gonna take all the credit for it Nicki.

Nick	This is... huge gamble ma'am. A huge one. If it were up to me

Zoe	It's not up to you... it's up to the Gods. 

Zoe	Hand Nicky...

Zoe	Flip it.

Nick	Okay so heads you don't make the offer, and tails you make the offer.

Nick	Madam please, can we, at least talk about it

Zoe	Nicky, pull the trigger.

Jackie	What the fuck?

Nina	Please, remain calm.

Jean-Pierre	Okay, I am calm. 

Jean-Pierre	These are cockroaches, not guests. How can I stay calm? 

Jean-Pierre	I behave as I want at home, okay?

Nina	Please.

Jean-Pierre	Sorry. 

Jean-Pierre	Sorry, you are right. 

Nina	You are the one I love.

Lesego	You look good.

Nina	You too.

Blaze	Hey, relax, he's not trying to win her back, okay.

Lesego	I'm not. I

Nina	You're not? Good.

Jean-Pierre	He he he.

Nina	Hm Hm.

Lesego	I'm here to ask for forgiveness.

Blaze	JP.

Jean-Pierre	Yeah.

Blaze	Maybe we should give them some space?

Jean-Pierre	Okay.

Nina	Thank you. 

Nina	So...

Jean-Pierre	Sit.

Jean-Pierre	Oh you didn't expect me to offer you anything, did ya?

Blaze	No... 

Jean-Pierre	No.

Blaze	... I didn’t.

Jean-Pierre	Good.

Blaze	Good.

Jean-Pierre	You know, you can go ahead and gloat all you want, it means nothing.

Blaze	Gloat?

Jean-Pierre	The offer for your boy.

Blaze	What offer?

Lesego	I had, I had an epiphany one night not so long ago.

Nina	An epiphany?

Lesego	Yeah one of those 'your whole life flashes in front of your eyes' kinda shit. 

Lesego	And then everything made sense. 

Lesego	Nina I, I'm here to say, I am sorry for everything. 


Lesego	Truthfully. I'm sorry for all the times I cheated on you... and there were many times.
Blaze	Wait, how much? This offer.

Jean-Pierre	You don't know?

Blaze	No.

Jean-Pierre	Really? He he he. Wow you have to be the worst agent ever. The whole country's talking about it and you don't even know.

Blaze	Well my phone battery died.

Jean-Pierre	Did it? Well she made a bid for nine and a half million, the crazy bitch, right?

Jean-Pierre	But like I said, it means nothing, because there’s not a chance in hell that Phumlani's gonna go for it.

Blaze	But why wouldn't he? He doesn't even rate Herve. The kid's unproven.

Jean-Pierre	Maybe, maybe, but then when you get an offer that big, why would you let the kid go?

Blaze	You're right. You probably know him better than I do anyway so. (meaning Phumlani)

Jean-Pierre	So no more Walter as a safety net, huh? Must be lonely?

Blaze	Nah, just different.

Jean-Pierre	To difference.

Lesego	You were a good thing in my life, but I was just too damned fucked to realize it. I... and by the time I did...

Nina	I was... I was no angel.

Lesego	But you, you were that one shining light in a dark river of shit for me.

Blaze	Are you ever gonna let it go?

Jean-Pierre	I was your agent for five years, right? Five long years... for what? For nothing. Nothing.

Blaze	And you were a good agent.

Jean-Pierre	I was a good agent because I never mixed personal involvement with business.

Blaze	Yeah, but that doesn't matter now, alright. And for the record. For my part in how this went down. I only told Julie because I wanted to help.

Jean-Pierre	You wanted to help? You do realize that you destroyed my life, right? I mean you’re, you're aware of this?

Blaze	JP how was I to know that she'd take it upon herself to fix it?

Jean-Pierre	You broke everything, okay. You took the one pure thing that I had and you killed it.

Blaze	Yeah but she knew that something was up. It was just a matter of time before she found out

Jean-Pierre	Yeah but it wasn't your part to... you weren't...

Blaze	Yeah, really...

Nina	It's the first time, you, you apologize to me. 

Nina	Actually it's the first time in my life someone says... 

Nina	... someone says sorry to me. 


Nina	It’s the first time in my life someone says sorry to me.

Blaze	So it's my fault that you were caught up in a gambling syndicate?

Jean-Pierre	No, no, no, no, that's not your fault. I.. no. 

Jean-Pierre	But it is your fault that Julie got involved. It is your fault that the woman that I loved and the only reason why I came to this God-damn country is now behind bars for something that I did... okay? That is your fucking fault.

Blaze	You think that I don't beat myself up because an innocent was led into the darkness because of me? 

Blaze	Because the only thing good in your life, I fucked up?

Jean-Pierre	Fucked up. You took the only good thing that I ever had in my life... and you pissed on it.

Blaze	Look in the fucking mirror, huh? 

Blaze	Yeah maybe you're right, maybe it's easier to blame me for everything, huh? Maybe I didn't help, but wake up and smell he fucking coffee. 

Blaze	You did this.

Jean-Pierre	I think your five minutes are up.

Jean-Pierre	You done? Yeah? Good. Now get the fuck out of my house. Fuck off.

Jean-Pierre	Are you okay?

Mila	Do we have a deal?

Blaze 	Deal.

Mila	I mean you haven't been to any of my auditions yet.

Blaze	And it's not because I didn't wanna be there.

Mila	If you wanted to be there you would've made a plan Blaze. <echoes> Made a plan Blaze, made a plan Blaze...

Sean 	You think this audition is a joke Miss Dior?

Mila	I'm fine, really. It's just work. Nothing's gonna happen.

Sean	Have you got a problem with that, Miss Dior?

Lesego	How come you don't watch games anymore?

Blaze	I just listen to the commentators on the radio...

Lesego	Is it for the same reason? You can't bear to lose?

Blaze	No, it's more the fact that I no longer have any control or influence, you know...

Blaze	It’s different now, when I was a player I’d get on that field, run, run, run...

Blaze	... take the whole team with me, get to the touch line and have the ball up in the air.

Lesego	Blazzzzzzze! Eish bra.

Blaze	But now, when I see the players walk through the stadium tunnel...  

Blaze	... it reminds me of everything I’ve lost.

Lesego	But then why listen on the radio?

Blaze	I picked that up from my dad funny enough.

Lesego	How is he by the way?

Blaze	Do you need to ask?

Lesego	If it wasn't for the injury...

Blaze	Yeah.

Blaze	Didn't really matter by then.

Blaze	None of it really matters...

Blaze	... none of it.

Blaze	The agency, the deals, the money, the women... it ain't worth shit.

Lesego	Blaze, we have to come out.

Lesego	Tell the truth.

Lesego	There's no other way.

Lesego	We'll tell, we'll tell Jade tomorrow after the game. 

Lesego	No B, we've been living on borrowed time man. We just let the devil come for his pound of flesh. 	

Lesego	I'm ready. 

Lesego	Are you?

Blaze	And what about Chris?

Lesego	No, no... we leave him out of this.

Lesego	Let’s see if you’ve still got it.

Blaze	Don’t drop, don’t drop...

Lesego	Don’t drop, don’t drop... 

Lesego	Play it... play it.
