Solomon	OK! Get Ready Everybody

Brightheart	This robot is Aurora she's really kinda neat Blasting by in a spaceship Passing the sun's heat

Brightheart	Couldn't beleive it because she sounded so weird

Aurora	Greetings I'm Aurora

Brightheart	Now We're Happy she appeared I am a luminous thing I've got that glow like bling bling You know I've got the smarts I am the bug bright heart She brought us crazy gifts we thought were pretty cool Teaching us things like we were in school And now we're smart Couldn't beleive it  because she sounded so weird Now We're just so Happy that she appeared I am a luminous thing I've got that glow like bling bling You know I've got the smarts I am the bug bright heart I am a luminous thing I've got that glow like bling bling You know I've got the smarts I am the bug bright heart I am a luminous thing I've got that glow like bling bling You know I've got the smarts I am the bug bright heart I am Brightheart If you're ever in trouble  Light up your signal lamp and we'll show up We are the Firefly Action Brigade. 

Brightheart	It's a dangerous world. But the Firefly Action Brigade is here to help. Get your signal light, and at the first sign of trouble, we got your back!

Black Bug	Oh, I can't resist a button…

Bamboo Paul	Resist! It's careless bugs like you that give bugs a bad name.

Yellow Bug	Well, It's not food!

Large Black Bug	I'm a bug - everything's food! 

Mrs. Cicada	You go! Let it follow me!

Bugsy	Mama! Mama! Mom!

Mrs. Cicada	The signal light! Use it now!

Bugsy	Look! I found It. 

Mrs. Cicada	Bugsy! Look out! Bugsy! 

Brightheart	We've got a beamer! Time for action! Firefly Action Brigade, We are mission go! Everyone to your bottlecaps! 
Brightheart	I hope this is the right direction because I can't stop!

Robot Ship	Mission objective reached. Dropping out of hyperspace. Target confirmed: Planet Earth. Hunters, prepare for invasion. Prepare for landing. Home in on the Explorer's beacon.

Brightheart	I see the light! Time for a action Looks like we're going deep and dark this time. Just the way I like it! Yahoo! 

Aurora	Brightheart, we talked about this, I should go first.

Brightheart	No one's stopping you. Get your robot butt down here!

Solomon	Hey, Fiona, I can watch your back.

Albert	I'm a bullfrog in a jet pack, it doesn't get any better than this! Hey, Aurora, any chance this thing can go  a little bit faster?

Aurora	Correct Frog it follows your thoughts. You think fast, you go fast.

Albert	Well, I've gotta think about it...There's first time for everything. I'm still not going fast enough!

Solomon	Then you're still not thinking hard enough.

Albert	Buzz off, beetle!

Solomon	Keep your eyes on the road, frog!

Albert	I'm blaming you for this. I'm like a cork in a bottle. Brightheart, get me outta here 

Brightheart	Again? Lightning bug bootie kick! Now it's your turn.

Solomon	No need! I can be the lookout, right?

Edward	Can you even see?

Albert	What has 20 teeth, And likes to eat frogs?

Brightheart	Better go!

Albert	I guess it's my own fault for being so tasty

Brightheart	I'll rescue you with just my fingers. Here I Come

Albert	I can feel my butt getting eaten

Albert	Brightheart…No more rescues, please.

Brightheart	Aurora, do a scan, see where the signal light signal came from.

Aurora	Lifesign detected. In this direction

Brightheart	Rescue time!

Mrs. Cicada	Brightheart, you're here! Please, Help me! Help me! Help me! 

Brightheart	Don't be afraid - we've got this! Firefly Action Brigade, bring it to me! Aurora, please lift off that vine. Bubbles, use your suit to pull him out. The rest of you, build a stretcher.

Edward	We need wood to build a stretcher. Help me, Albert!

Albert	My face, my gorgeous face!

Mrs. Cicada	My baby! You've got to help him.

Brightheart	You're in good hands, ma'am.

Mrs. Cicada	Bugsy… Bugsy… Are you OK? Bugsy…

Fiona	He's waking up!  He's Waking up!  Bugsy…Oh Oh you're ok

Brightheart	Great job, everyone! Let's just take him to the hospital for a check-up.

Larva Boy	It's them! The Firefly Action Brigade!

Lightstruck Moth	Woah! Such a beautiful light…

Chief	And poof! The little moth was gone. Lost in the light. Do you want that to happen to you? Tell me the rules. What are your rules? What do you know? hmm? 

Bitty Bug #1 	Don't fly too far from home.

Bitty Bug #2	Never fly into the light.

Bitty Bug # 3	Don't talk with your mouth full?

Chief	We moths can't resist the evil light. Some never learn this lesson. But you what have you learned?

Group of Bitty Bugs	Don't go near the light!

Chief	Don't forget.

Moth Lackey	Bad news Chief, we have trouble! Trouble in the village! Chief, Larva Boy, he… He brought something shiny to the village!

Chief	He what?

Chief	Get rid of that thing NOW!

Larva Boy	But Chief, this is a special emergency signal light. Light the light, and the Firefly Action Brigade will come They gave signal lights to all the villages, and if we light the light we will be safe!

Chief	The sparkling lights are a trap! Light won't save us, it will probably kill us! The Whole Tribe! 

Larva Boy	Uhm....Well, light doesn't really kill us, birds kill us. And maybe with the signal lights, maybe Brightheart can help us!

Chief	Throw that thing away. Right NOW!

Larva Boy	Look, Chief, it works! The signal light is so bright, everybody can see it! Chief, the light, it's so beautiful…

Chief	Don't look at it! The light is bad luck!

Larva Boy	But the moon is also a light.

Chief	I'm trying to protect you from the lights! As long as the moon stays in the sky, I got no beef!  But all other lights are pure evil. I'm trying to protect you from the lights. See bad luck! Everybody inside! Into the cave! Run, run, run! Close it! Close it now!

Brightheart	Someone's in trouble! Wait, Aurora what happened to the signal?

Aurora	Data from the signal indicates a moth larva has been caught by an owl.

Albert	That's Not good. Owls are all beaks and claws and appetites!

Fiona	And we're it's favorite food. What if…

Solomon	Never fear, Solomon's here! Nothing can keep me from your side, babe

Aurora	Preditor alert, just ahead!

Larva Boy	Don't eat me ! Don't eat me ! I've got homework to do!

Brightheart	I've got this, you go! Maybe I don't have this!

Solomon	Head's up, bird brain, you're on our turf now! Eat a little too much lunch? 

Larva Boy	You're the Firefly Action Brigade! Thank you for helping me! I'm Larva Boy from the moth village. You really can rescue anybody! I saw your bright light. How do you do that?

Brightheart	Special effects!

Larva Boy	Wow! So cool!

Brightheart	What's wrong? Need something more spectacular? Aurora, let's milk this one.

Aurora	Lead me in.

Brightheart	Not exactly what I had in mind

Aurora	You said you wanted to milk it.

Larva Boy	It's not just that. The Chief…the Chief believes all lights are evil.

Brightheart	Light can't be evil! That's crazy.

Larva Boy	Yeah, that's exactly what I told him, too.

Brightheart	Maybe I should try.Where is your village?

Chief	Come on, please don't cry. Can't you see I'm trying to protect you? I'm not the bad guy. The lights, the lights are the real enemy. We will black out all the lights! Listen up the god of moonlight is angry. Black! Out! The lights! The only good light is an bad light!

Soldier Moths	Black out!Black out!Black out!Black out!Black out!

Larva Boy	When you dropped the signal light I wanted to use it to bring you to our village. As you can see, we have a bird problem. We have to do something to keep it from using our village as it's own personal restaurant.

Brightheart	The Firefly Action Brigade is officially on the job!

Larva Boy	Ooh, how are you going to do it? How are you gonna beat the bird?

Brightheart	Our methods are on a need-to-know basis, which means we don't really know ourselves until we do it.

Larva Boy	Wow top secret stuff!

Brightheart	Yeah, something like that.

Aurora	Alert! Incoming Bugs.

Larva Boy	It's the Chief! Hey, Chief I didn't get eaten!

Chief	What?  Is that Larva Boy ? I thought he'd be bird poop by now…

Moth Lackey	Chief… those are the guys that made the shiny lights.

Chief	What? It looks like Larva Boy has betrayed us! Battle stations!

Brightheart	Their welcoming committee has such style! We have to step up our game. We have to show them show them em the Firefly Action Brigade style, too. Firefly Action Brigade, assemble!

Moth Lackey	Chief…they're going to attack!

Chief	Charge!

Brightheart	Uhm, is that how moths say hello…?

Larva Boy	No! But they saved me! They're here to help us.

Chief	You're brainwashed! They brought the shiny lights, they must be our real enemies 

Edward	What did I ever do to you? Stop poking at me!

Chief	Secret weapons! Take no prisoners!

Edward	Seriously?

Solomon	This your idea of a welcome? You're going to have to do better then that Albert, teach them a lesson!

Chief	Over here! Take out the one with the shiny butt!

Brightheart	Aurora Help. Leader of the Solider Moths	Don't let it escape. Let's go all together. Ready?

Solder Moths 	Together! Together! 

Chief	A trick! It's a trick! We need some insect repellant!

Larva Boy	Look out! You betrayed your tribe You need a good spanking!

Brightheart	Don't do this!

Chief	This was only to get YOU close!

Brightheart	Low battery again?

Aurora	No. That is a spaceship from my home planet. I've been signaled to join them immediately.

Brightheart	You mean there are others like you?

Aurora	I do not have exact information

Chief	Hey! We're not finished here. Come Back. 

Larva Boy	They're here to help us! 

Brightheart	He's right. Why won't you at least listen?

Solomon	Chiefs only talk, they never listen. Come on, Let's help Aurora find her friends.

Larva Boy	Brightheart! Wait Wait! 

Chief	You. You're with me. The rest of you make sure there are no shiny lights left at the village.

Fiona	Brightheart, why the long face?

Brightheart	I'm fine.

Fiona	You can't help someone who doesn't want to be helped. All you can do is be there when they need you.

Solomon	Right! And I'll always be there for you!

Albert	Those moths nearly killed me. Aurora, they couldn't hurt you. You can never die.

Aurora	It is different for us, yes. As long as my head is OK, the rest of me can be rebuilt from spare parts.
Albert	Oh, not me! My head is my weakest part. And my stomach does all the talking.

Brightheart	The Chief didn't understand us at all. If I can just explain things to him…We all need the light in our lives!

Edward	Brightheart! What is this place?

Solomon	Aurora, why did your people come to our planet, now?

Aurora	Your planet is an alien world to us It is not yet in our database.

Brightheart	Are they hiding out somewhere from us?

Aurora	They are establishing a base. I must find the signal.

Brightheart	We'll help you find your friends. We can cover more ground if we split up.

Aurora	Thank you for your help, Firefly Action Brigade. If you find them first, just use the signal light and I will come to you.

Brightheart	This is a big place to search, and it might be dangerous.  So, let's work in teams. Aurora, Edward, look in the north of the village. Bubbles, Albert you're with me Solomon, Fiona, search on the south side.

Solomon	Soooo, we make a great team, don't you think?

Fiona	I wonder if Aurora's friends back homelook like she does?

Solomon	Who Cares.  Whatever they look like, they can never match my bug-eyed charm! Fiona, my gossamer beauty! Sweets for the sweet! Uh, Fiona... Fiona! Where art thou? Better not. Maybe she's playing hard-to-get. Sugar lips! Come out, come out, wherever you are…

Fiona	Help me! Help me! Oh help 

Edward	Uhm, Aurora…I don't want to scare you or anything, but I'm really scared.

Aurora	Force Disturbance Over here.

Solomon	Oh, sweetie pie, it's me, your beetle boy!

Fiona	Help Me! 

Edward	Uh, oh flashing red is never ever a good thing...

Aurora	Losing control… I am being hacked...

Edward	Uh, Aurora…No offense, but I think that's not a good color on you.

Brightheart	Look, we found it! This must be their spaceship.

Albert	Can't eat it, can't play ball with it.

Brightheart	Looks like someone's tail.

Albert	Eww Eww Disgusting! Who would do something like that? This is a lot bigger than Aurora's spaceship. We better call Aurora. She'll know exactly what to do.

Brightheart	Wait! You light that in here and no one will see it. Greetings. My name is Brightheart. We come in peace. Wait, you're supposed to say that. Any friend of Aurora's is a friend of ours. Let's shake on it. As you can see Aurora is helping us. Tah- Dahhh We're the Firefly Action Brigade, at your service. What are you doing? Let Bubbles go!

Solomon	You lied to me, moth brain. You said you'd let her go if I gave up. Let her go!

Chief	You are trying to trick my tribe, so I tricked you Solomon And you're going to help me get the others.

Solomon	No way you dork. Silence them! Stay back, stay back! Leave her alone!

Solomon/Fiona	Aurora, hey Aurora, over here!

Solomon	Aurora to the rescue! Hey what's with the new color? You got a girlfriend? Or maybe it was just some grub you ate?

Chief	I command you to Stand down, These are my prisoners!

Fiona	Oh oh no help me no

Solomon	I think the red has gone to your brain. You call that rescuing? Then... rescue me, too!

Chief	Crazy bug! It's not a rescue, it's a heist!

Solomon	Cheif looks like you're right, it's not a rescue.

Chief	Nonsense

Solomon	Hey, red bot! Give her back or face the wrath of the bug! Incoming! Not the antenna! Not the antenna!

Brightheart	Solomon, what are you doing? Aurora, they took Bubbles and Albert! You've got to save them!

Solomon	Give me back my Fiona!

Chief	Give me back my people!

Brightheart	Aurora? What is happening to you? 

Aurora	We are here to capture new species. These are the Hunters, here to gather specimens to take back to our homeworld for research.

Brightheart	Study? What for? 

Aurora	We feed them, and watch them grow…

Solomon	Free food? Take me away, too!

Aurora	Then we dissect them.

Solomon	Uhm, pass, thanks.

Chief	I get it. You're the real enemy!

Brightheart	Aurora, did you come just to hurt us?

Aurora	My mission was to find new worlds, new species, and report back to my homeworld.

Brightheart	Aurora... but you are my friend…

Aurora	When my ship crashed, I forgot my mission.Now I remember

Chief	How can you be so stupid? Robots don't have friends or feelings 

Brightheart	Aurora, you can't forget our friendship. You're part of the Firefly Action Brigade!

Solomon	No cage can hold me!

Brightheart	Solomon

Solomon	It can hold me! It can hold me!

Brightheart	Aurora, what have you done?

Chief	This is all your fault, thinking you can make friends with a killer robot! I thought you were the protector, the rescuer, clever Brightheart! Well find a clever way to get us out of here!

Fiona	Brightheart. I still really believe in you.

Edward	Listen, this isn't really Aurora's fault. The Hunters hacked her systems.

Brightheart	Hacked?

Edward	They must have gotten into her head.

Brightheart	Then, that means we can turn her back!

Edward	But none of us are hackers. How do we turn her back?

Hunter 1	We will collect the remaining specimens from this planet. Aurora, you must perform the medical tests to make sure they are compatable with our homeworld.

Aurora	I will obey.

Brightheart	Edward! Edward! Aurora! Keep it simple. Start with the frog.He's not all prickly like the mantis.

Albert	What? Is this about the money I owe you? Cause I'm good for it Hey, iron butt! Come and get me! You tin faced dork. C'mon.

Brightheart	Albert, Albert! 

Albert	Go on, get out of here! Hurry before they come back! Go on Save yourselves. 

Brightheart	Just hold on. We'll be back, I promise you.

Solomon	Down there, a cave! It's our only hope.

Edward	I can't believe we left Albert behind.

Solomon	And my Fiona, too.

Brightheart	I had no choice. But if we're free, we can help them.

Chief	The light… must get to the light…

Chief	Hey, knock it off!

Solomon	Snap out of it Cheif! Like I've been saying, shiny lights are dangerous and must be snuffed out

Edward	Funny, you were just saved by the light.

Chief	Liar, liar, pants on fire! I'm the one giving you protection.

Edward	Oh, is that what you're doing?

Chief	Of course! Would you rather I let you go on your own?

Edward	Well, that might just be a good idea.

Solomon	Oh, no (panic) Right or left? Red wire or blue wire? Don't make me choose!

Brightheart	I'll choose. Follow me.

Solomon	Huh? Chief Come on! You snooze you loose 

Chief	I prefer the darkness. At least you're consistent This place gives me the creeps I smell a rat 

Brightheart	Never seen a rock formation like that before. Look at those two holes.

Solomon	Hmm...there seems to be a wind coming between those two holes 

Brightheart	We must be near the way out.

Solomon	Ok Whoever looses rock, paper, sisssors will reach into these two holes

Solomon/Edward/Brightheart	Rock, Paper, Sissors

Edward	I fall for that every time.

Solomon	You lost, you pay the cost.

Chief	Gadzooks! There's no way that's a firefly sneeze 

Brightheart	It's coming!

Solomon	Run, run, run!

Brightheart	It's gaining on us!

Solomon	Don't look back!

Brightheart	Don't just stand there RUN!

Solomon	Move it!

Chief	You crazy firefly! What have you done this time?

Brightheart	Come On Once we're out of the tunnel it can't catch us. I can feel the wind now. We're almost out! This way!

Solomon	No more tricks!

Brightheart	There! That's the the way out!

Chief	I'm not staying for lunch!

Solomon	Cheater!

Chief	Don't have to be faster than him, just faster than you!

Chief	The mole… he was afraid of the light.

Edward	Yeah, just like you.

Chief	I fear nothing!

Solomon	Nothing except a firefly butt!

Brightheart	We can't stay here. We'll have to try another tunnel. Hopefully no one lives in this tunnel.

Brightheart	We escaped. Now we'ge got to go rescue our friends.

Chief	After all that, and you're going to go back into danger?

Brightheart	Look out!

Chief	I really hate aliens!

Brightheart	Wait a minute. How did Aurora know we'd be here?

Solomon	Well, I've been carrying this thing around since Aurora gave it to me.

Chief	You Idiot

Edward	Aurora! Snap out of it!

Brightheart	Fight it! Don't get hacked

Aurora	We have the leader. Get the others.

Edward	I'm not a fighter, but I know how to pose!

Solomon	And I know kung fu, judo, taekwando, karate, and a lot of other Asian words.

Edward	Do you really know all that?

Solomon	Let's do this!

Brightheart	Solomon! Come on no!  Edward! You want to pick on someone, pick on me!

Edward	Brightheart, after I defeat them, save the others!

Brightheart	Edward! This ends now! They're my friends!

Aurora	Brightheart… I will always be your friend.

Hunter 1	How can she change her programming? It's just not possible.

Hunter 2	The wavelength of that light, I've never seen anything like that.

Hunter 3	This creature, we must have this energy for our homeworld. We must have this at all costs.

Aurora	This is their world. We are the aliens. Release them now.

Hunter 3	This creature can benefit our homeworld. We must have this energy at all cost.

Hunter 2	Resistance is futile.

Hunter 1	They cannot stop us. And neither can you. You're just a malfunctioning robot.

Aurora	You must understand them before you can understand the power they have. This power changed my programming, and it can change yours too, if you let it. You will never know it by force, only by understanding and cooperation. This great power has a name; they call it friendship.

Brightheart	Preach it!

Hunter 3	This concept is illogical.

Aurora	Brightheart, my friend…I have no weapons systems, I cannot save you. Wait? Idea detected By reversing polartity on my power systems I can create a lethal cascade effect.

Brightheart	What do you mean?

Aurora	I will self-destruct.

Brightheart	Aurora!

Hunter 1	Disable him now! They will never know friendship, but I will always have you in my heart. My friend… go and save the others. Reversing polarity in three…two…

Brightheart	No! One…

Albert	Brightheart, give me some light. I can't see my dinner. Awe Come On. Eeryone else is already here

Solomon	What they're trying to say is we need you, Brightheart.

Fiona	Brightheart You're the best. Get Up

Brightheart	Where are you? Bubbles? I'm right here!

Brightheart	Oh, Aurora…Aurora. So sorry. You called me friend, but I couldn't save you. I couldn't save anybody! I'm so sorry…Aurora

Aurora	My friend, go and save the others.

Brightheart	Aurora! I can't bring you back, but I won't let you down again!

Larva Boy	Chief, what happened to Brightheart and her friends?

Chief	Right now, I have bigger fish to fry,

Moth Lackey	Chief, oh Chief! You're not gonna believe this!

Chief	What now?

Moth Lackey	The brightbutt!

Chief	What?

Moth Lackey	The brightbutt it's right out there!

Chief	What!

Larva Boy	Brightheart!

Chief	What do you want?

Brightheart	We have to rescue them. They're our people 

Chief	You're a funny bug. Insects against alien robots from outer space. This spear is only good for poking other bugs.

Brightheart	We will fight together, with our heads and our hearts!

Chief	It's not our fight.

Brightheart	It's a fight for our whole planet. If they take me today, they will take you tomorrow. And then you, and you. If we don't all face this enemy together we will all face them separately Cheif is that really what you want?

Larva Boy	Chief, we will follow you to victory.

Chief	You know nothing. Didn't you hear what I said before? These are space aliens. How can I fight against that?

Larva Boy	So you're just going to give up? Just like that?

Chief	We cannot beat them, so we will avoid them.

Soldier Bug 3	Chief, you're not gonna believe this.

Chief	Don't tell me. It's a robot alien!

Chief	Hide! Find the deepest hole you can!

Brightheart	I have an idea! He said there's only one of them. Divide and conquer. They did the dividing, we'll do the conquering!

Chief	Who's we, lightning bug? OK you beat this one, I'll help you with the rest.

Larva Boy	Listen, Brightheart and the others defeated the bird.

Chief	The bird?

Larva Boy	You bet. No bug has ever beaten the bird, but they did it. And if they can do that, they can surely stop whatever you're afraid of. Brightheart has proven that together we can do anything!

Brightheart	Chief, please keep your word! Hey, gear head. Looking for me?

Larva Boy	No! She doesn't have her team!

Chief	She's nuts!

Brightheart	Bring it! It's working 

Larva Boy	Brightheart!

Brightheart	Right so here's the number one plan, You ready? destroy their ship so they can't kidnap anyone, then take out the bots one by one.

Chief	You're still one crazy firefly, but we owe you. Look, whose that?

Brightheart	Edward!

Edward	Brightheart!

Brightheart	Aurora! This is my fault. You were a true friend.

Edward	She's gone.

Brightheart	Tell me, what happened last night?

Edward	After the explosion, when I woke up, I went looking for you. Brightheart! Are you there? Oh, no.....

Aurora	The robots, they were still alive. What are we going to do Brightheart?

Brightheart	Wait a minute!  Maybe we can save her. Do you remember what she told us? She can be rebuilt as long as her head survives. We can rebuild Aurora!

Edward	But, where will we find the parts?

Brightheart	I know! The suit Aurora made for Bubbles. I'm sure it's still here. It's got to be!

Edward	Shouldn't it be doing something? Anything?

Brightheart	This might help! Aurora

Edward	Aurora!

Brightheart	Aurora, you're back!

Aurora	Greetings Friends, Shake Hands Brightheart, Edward, thank you for restoring me.

Brightheart	But, that body…

Aurora	It is acceptable. But once I get back to my ship, I can make it good as new.

Edward	Amazing.

Brightheart	Meanwhile, we've got an alien abduction to stop.

Chief	I don't get it. Odd, is there no security?

Aurora	Don't touch that!

Brightheart	Everybody get back!

Chief	Battle stations! Like I told you, We can't fight this!

Brightheart	No, look, it can be stopped.

Aurora	Create a diversion. I can hack into the system, shut it down.

Chief	How can we help? Look out!

Aurora	Hooray 

Brightheart	Aurora! What happened?

Aurora	My head is intact, but the body does not work. I am helpless. And there is not enough power for me to self-destruct again.

Brightheart	Never again! We stand and we fight.

Hunter 1	All bugs stand down, or be destroyed.

Edward	Not today, gear head! You face the wrath of Edward!. Freedom!

Chief	Count me in Stay tight, and follow my lead. This planet belongs to the bugs. Together we are invincible!

Soldier Bug	Cheif Look

Chief	So what? But we're in this fight now, and we're in it to win!

Aurora	You do not have the power to defeat the droids.

Brightheart	Our power is in our friends.

Chief	Thanks!

Brightheart	Moth-man, The Firefly Action Brigade The band is back together 

Albert	You Heard right, It's me.

Hunter 1	We must squash them like, well, bugs.

Solomon	Follow me to victory!

Brightheart	Chief, I got your back!

Chief	I don't know how to fight them. We've never faced an enemy like this before. I've battles fires, shiny lights, and even humans, but these guys are just kicking our butts.

Brightheart	Fire… Light… Humans… Humans… Humans! I know what to do now!

Chief	I don't!

Brightheart	My name is Brightheart. I am a superhero! And I bring the light

Albert	Let's fly, robot! Oh, wait where's my jetpack?

Solomon	Go! Brigade to the rescue! Brigade to the rescue!

Edward	Right behind you…

Aurora	Not yet! I can upgrade you to superheroes!

Chief	Poor beast. Where's Brightheart? She can't fight off these alien fiends herself. Brightheart, I'm coming! Hunter 1 You are defeated. You will come with us.

Brightheart	The darkness will never defeat the light because the light never gives up!

Chief	I know what you're thinking is he alone or does he have his army with him ? The real question is, are you feeling lucky?

Brightheart	Cheif! Seriously?

Chief	Hey bot breath! Bring it on! Brightheart!

Brightheart	Chief! What are we going to do?

Solomon	Hey, moth-man. save some butt kicking for the rest of us.

Albert	Brightheart Now I'm not just the cutest, but I'm also the best dressed!

Edward	And me, I've gone from loser to legend, all thanks to you Aurora.

Aurora	Not much left of your ship, I'm afraid.

Fiona	And a little upgrade for you, while you're at it. I hope I don't mess this up

Aurora	Custom made, just for the cheif.

Chief	I know just what to do with this. Let's rumble!

Fiona	Get Back

Brightheart	Firefly Action Brigade, assemble! We Won't loose this time

Solomon	Any last robot requests? Hunter 1 and 2 Redbots Transform! Start rage mode

Chief	They do tricks?

Aurora	You have no idea.

Brightheart	Take cover!

Solomon	It turned into a red bowling ball?

Aurora	Oh EM GEE

Solomon	Take that !

Fiona	Gotcha! 

Brightheart	Chief? Let him go! Let him go!

Chief	Brightheart! 

Brightheart	It's coming! Get back! Get away from the tracks!

Chief	He's got her stop him!

Edward	Ready?

Aurora	Let's go fishing.

Brightheart	Once chance! You've got to push us up on the track! Do it now, there's no time!

Solomon	I don't think that's very safe.

Brightheart	It's the only way any of us have a chance!

Aurora	I see what she is trying to do. But she has a one percent chance of success.

Albert	There's got to be another way!

Edward	I'm open to suggestion.

Brightheart	Firefly Action Brigade, I believe in you!

Aurora	On my mark put your shields around Brightheart. Three…Two… One! Watch Out Don't let it call the mothership!

Brightheart	Chief, care to join the Firefly Action Brigade?

Chief	Then I'd be the cute one.

Aurora	At the first sign of trouble…

Brightheart	Just shine your signal light

Edward	We've got your back! Firefly Action

Brigade/Chief	We're the Firefly Action Brigade!

Solomon	Get ready for the secret scene

Aurora	I have analyzed the eyes of moths, And these will protect you from the danger of shiny object and lights

Chief	And I look so cool, too!

Brightheart	So, Chief, now you can tell your people that light is not evil light is only good that light is not evil light is only good
Solomon	After all we've been through, I gotta get a souvenir for Fiona from this ship

Fiona	Stay out of there, Solomon! I am not saving your butt ever again!

Solomon	You don't really think I'd do anything stupid, do you?

Brightheart	Solomon, whatever you do, don't push any bu---

Solomon	Right, got you. Push the buttons to open the door. Good plan!

Edward	what an idiot

Aurora	It's going to blow!

Fiona	Uhm, Aurora, can he turn the ship around and come back?

Aurora	I've analyzed his IQ, and, no.

Brightheart	Where will it take him?

Aurora	Depends on how many buttons he pushed.

Albert	Wait, are you thinking what I think you're thinking?

Brightheart	You all know me so well.

Edward	Almost forgot, I've got a thing.

Brightheart	We can go and save Solomon!

Aurora	Use my spaceship! We can track him!

Brightheart	Firefly Action Brigade, let's roll!

