SERIE DIABETES
EP. 21 – INTIMICY (LONG)
(CAMILLE & SIMON)

1 (01:00:00:00)


SIMON	Hello everybody!

CAMILLE	Hello everybody! (h/ )Okay, today we're going to talk about... a shocking topic!

SIMON	And what is it?

CAMILLE	Hey! I'm not gonna shout it from the rooftops! We're gonna talk about sexuality!

SIMON	And yet, you shouted.

CAMILLE	(laughs)

OUT (01:00:13:11)


INSERT	GENERATION T-1 A BOY AND A GIRL


2 (01:00:21:10)


SIMON	When you think sexuality, you also think adolescence. During adolescence, you go through a lot of changes, whether you're a girl or a guy. Your body changes, your beard grows, your voice changes, and all that is thanks to puberty!

CAMILLE	to puberty!

SIMON	And with that, you get a 'hormonal extravaganza!

CAMILLE	You have both growth hormones and sex hormones to deal with, and boys and girls are different.

SIMON	For us guys, they're called 'testosterone.

MAN	Hello! My name's Terone, Testos Terone.

CAMILLE	And for us girls, we get two kinds, That's right, we go big or we go home. There's 'Progesterone', and 'Estrogen'.

WOMAN	Hello, my name's Progesterone. I really like it here. We should be here a while, right?

MAN	Yeah, this place is really nice. I don't see why we should leave!

CAMILLE	No.

WOMAN	We're staying. Yeah, we'll be around for a while.

CAMILLE	(laughs)

WOMAN	Ah_

MAN	Ah__ (yawns_) Hah!

WOMAN	I love it here! It's so nice and comfortable.


3 (01:01:03:01)


CAMILLE	Did you know, everyone's insulin requirements increase during puberty. It's because of all those crazy hormones we have. They somehow end up resistant to insulin. For non-diabetic people, the pancreas will compensate automatically by secreting more insulin.

MAN	(hh)

WOMAN	(blows_)

SIMON	Of course, this makes life more difficult for us, we need more insulin, and we need to constantly adjust our levels. On top of that, we're playing a guessing game because there are no pre-established rules since insulin increase requirements differ from person to person.

CAMILLE	One thing's for sure, you need to take it into account. This might be the answer to why a person may be hyperglycaemic.


4 (01:01:33:01)


SIMON	So, no. The theory about the negligent teenager who doesn't always take his boluses or his injections, is no longer valid! Well, not all the time.

CAMILLE	And during our menstrual cycle, (h/) or period, yes, we sometimes get the feeling (h/ )that our diabetes is totally imbalanced. However, we shouldn't generalize. This doesn't necessarily concern everybody, and from one cycle to the next, things can change. So, no need to worry unnecessarily, you just need to know what to look for and keep track of the changes. Also, each person is different. There's no secret way to magically know how to adjust your dose.


5 (01:02:03:10)


SIMON	Let's talk about contraception. Well, of course, there's the number one, the indispensable,

CAMILLE	prophylactic!

SIMON	prophylactic! Also known as a condom, it's been tried and tested. It's a contraceptive but also one of the most efficient methods to protect against sexually transmitted diseases. It's mainly used to protect yourself, but also to protect your partner.

CAMILLE	For contraception that is one hundred percent efficient, it's recommended that women have their own contraceptive method for birth control And no matter what you've heard, no-no! The pill is not incompatible with having diabetes! What a crazy idea! It's best for you to make an appointment with your diabetologist. (h/) They might be able to recommend a gynaecologist to you. Ideally, you want to find a gynaecologist recommended by someone you trust. It's really important when you're going for the first time.


6 (01:02:41:09)


CAMILLE	And it's with this specialist that you'll have to discuss in order to find the best contraceptive method for you.

SIMON	(yawns__)

CAMILLE	For birth control, there's the classic and the minipill... These will only contain progestogens instead of the combined estrogen-progestogen. You can also find implants ... Ah, no way! I'm good. That's really nice of you, but I already have... my sensor, my pump, my cannula, I have no more room. Or, the IUD. Well, whichever you choose, you should discuss it with your doctor. There's no need to hurry, you'll figure it out when the time comes.

MAN	(yawns__)

CAMILLE	Alright already, wake up, I'm finished!

SIMON	(fff__)

CAMILLE	It's more complicated for us, it's not my fault! (h/)

WOMAN	It's not her fault.

CAMILLE	(pfff)


7 (01:03:14:18)


CAMILLE	(h/__) And there's also...

SIMON	(h/) Okay, I didn't want to talk about it in front of everyone, but during my first times, I had a lot of questions regarding my diabetes. Like, what happens if I have a hypo? My pump, do I take it off or not? You know, it's like everything else, with experience comes wisdom and the knowledge to find solutions.

CAMILLE	And now for the final most important question: Is it possible to have children when you have diabetes?

MAN	(h/) Yes!

SIMON	(h/ )Yes!

CAMILLE	(h/)

WOMAN	(h/) Yes!

CAMILLE	Yes!

MAN	Yes!

WOMAN	Yes! Yes!

MAN	Yes!

WOMAN	Yes!

MAN	Yes! Yes!

WOMAN	Yes!

MAN	Yes!

WOMAN	Yes! Yes!

MAN	Yes!

WOMAN	Yes! That's great! Yes!

MAN	(hahaha)

WOMAN	(mm_)


8 (01:03:43:09)


CAMILLE	Having diabetes will absolutely not prevent you from having children, and super healthy ones too!

SIMON	But you do need to know that there's a risk of having a child with diabetes if one of the parents has it.

CAMILLE	There's at least a three percent risk for us women.

SIMON	And there's at least a five percent risk for us men.

CAMILLE	However, and I know this will surprise some of you, but you need to... (h/) an-ti-ci-pate! (h/) I feel like I'm repeating myself in each video.

SIMON	Yeah, you do kind of repeat yourself, but, at the same time, that's all we ever do with diabetes.


9 (01:04:10:22)


CAMILLE	You need to know that it's super important to have an excellent glycated haemoglobin all throughout your pregnancy, and even better, right after conception.

SIMON	Say what?

CAMILLE	(h/ )Yeah, you heard me correctly, I'm not joking. You should have appointments with our diabetologist every two weeks, in order to properly balance your diabetes. You need to balance your diabetes right from the start to avoid any foetal complications. Well, yeah, the foetus starts developing from day one so you don't have a choice, you have to be in great shape. In fact, it's best to talk about it before with your diabetes specialist. Don't forget, it's important to start preparing for your pregnancy as soon as possible. After all, if there's one time in your life you need to be as healthy as possible, it's when you're pregnant. Usually, we all find the strength and energy to do what's right. Well, yeah, the life of a baby is at stake. That's motivating!


10 (01:04:53:02)


CAMILLE	Well, even if it's not for right away, it's important to know these things and be reassured, because, during adolescence, we all have many questions. (ffff__) That wasn't so bad after all.

SIMON	(h/_) Especially since it was a sensitive topic. We'll see you next time!

CAMILLE	See ya!

SIMON	See ya!

WOMAN	Bye bye!

MAN	Goodbye!

WOMAN	Hey wait! Where are you going?

OUT (01:05:10:22)

[ TITLE TO FILL IN ]

Page 2 of 6

Page 1 of 2

