(LOVE, LOST & FOUND)



 



JOEY	Hey guys, Joey Bufalino here. Now I’ve been talking about some big news coming up for quite some time and today’s the day. Phwoar! Look at that! Claire and I have been together for almost a year now, so I reckon it’s about  ,time to take it to the next level! And of course--I wanted YOU all to be the first to know. This! This is where I’ll be popping the big question. Bit of recon last weekend. The most epic location for the most epic couple!

CLAIRE	The new interface is launching in three days so I need all hands on deck. I’m only going to be out for the day, so I can handle that as soon as I get back tonight.

JOEY	Gonna take her up to the mountains near where she grew up for an epic view and an epic surprise! Now--I can’t live-stream something like this for obvious reasons, which is why you’re watching this all cut together...so sit back, relax, and enjoy the most hectic, awesomeproposal you’ve ever seen. Buff-man, out!

CLAIRE	Oh, I haven’t been hiking in ages! Joey’s really been looking forward to this...Thanks. Yeah, keep me posted on those numbers. Kelly, Jason is calling me, and I’m sure it’s about the well-being package subscriptions. Great. Bye. Hi Jason. It’s going to be alright--Well did you check it off with the marketing team?

JOEY	What’d I tell ya? Most epic girl ever. Her company is killing it--good thing she’ll have a relaxing time in the mountains today! The winks too much, hold on, let me try that again! Well, well look who we have here--And so it actually begins...Oh look! Check this out!	



CLAIRE	Yeah, that’s not going to matter next week. I can check into that once I’m back this evening. I like option 3 the most. Could you run that by Abby? I want to make sure everyone agrees on that. Oh, I know right!? Can you imagine? Hey, Jason is calling again. I’m here, Jason. It’s a complicated process, which is why I’m handling it... hello? Jason? Are you--Hey! Is there going to be service up where we’re going? I need to sort out some important work stuff ASAP!

JOEY	Oh, you know I’m not really sure Claire Bear!

CLAIRE	Buff, this is great. I’m glad you talked me into this.

JOEY	Well, I’m glad you could take a break from your successful career to come adventuring with me!

CLAIRE	Classy.

JOEY	To the most beautiful, hard-working girl I know. Congrats on creating one of the most downloaded apps in the country last month!

CLAIRE	It’s a start. 

JOEY	You mind if I set up a time-lapse of us eating and looking out at this awesome view?

CLAIRE	Of course I don’t mind. This has been just what I needed. Thank you. Well. I’m ready to head back! I’ve put off work for too long.

JOEY	Oh. Um. Actually... we’ve got to stay ‘til sunset. I’ve got a surprise. It’ll be worth the wait. Promise!

CLAIRE	Is the sunset absolutely necessary?
 
JOEY	Oh yeah. 

CLAIRE	Why don’t we compromise. I’ll wait 15 more minutes, and then you can do the surprise.

JOEY	But the sun won’t be setting in 15 minutes.

CLAIRE	Joey, whatever it is, I promise you, that you’ll get the same reaction from me whether the sun is setting, or almost setting.

JOEY	Hey! Could you actually snap a couple photos of me real quick? I’ll need some content from today! You know, for my followers. Trust me...they’ll want to see this for sure.

CLAIRE	Fine, but as soon as I do, you need to show me this surprise, and then we need to head back. I don’t want to be caught in the dark.

JOEY	I brought torches. Alright! Alright! Two quick photos--one facing each direction--Then the surprise, then we leave! 

CLAIRE	Okay. Two photos.

JOEY	Oh no, Babe, No! Always shoot horizontal! We’ve talked about this. The lighting and angle are a bit off... could you stand over there? Wait! Could you crouch a bit? Trying to get everything in the photo: me, the sky, the mountains...Oh, you accidentally chopped off my feet! Maybe just back up a touch! Just a little, don’t get too—

CLAIRE	Yep! Yep, yep yep...got it, got it...

JOEY	Did you get it?

CLAIRE	I’m taking a bunch!

JOEY	Make sure you get the whole composition I mentioned! Remember, as soon as this is done, I’ve got an amazing surprise for you! If you need to back up a bit don’t be afraid to--

CLAIRE	Is this far enough—

JOEY	Claire..? CLAIRE!! No, no, no, no...Nooooo Claire Bear, I’m coming!! YES! ...NO..!!!

NATALIE	Hello? Base, this is Natalie Pr--This is--this is Natalie, I um--

JOEY	Claire...My girlfriend...fell in the river...

NATALIE	Shh...shh, don’t move. My name is Natalie, I’m with the forest service. You’re in safe hands now. Base. This is Natalie Pritchard, I’d like to report an injury, and --

RADIO VOICE	Female slipped and fell into the river. We’ll update you with more information when it arrives.

RADIO VOICE 2	Copy. Headed in that direction now. Ground volunteers are on their way.

NATALIE	Wow. Wow. Now hold on. You were beat up pretty bad when you came somersaulting down that mountainside. I’m no doctor, but I’d say you’ve got a badly bruised rib cage. Help is on the way, so you just stay right where—

JOEY	My girlfriend fell off a cliff! I can’t stay here! I need to find her!

NATALIE	I already called it in, and Search and Rescue are out there right now looking for her! What was her name? Along with a physical description.

JOEY	Claire McAllister! She’s gorgeous—
	
NATALIE	Yeah you are. I mean she is. I mean I’m sure she is. Because I can imagine. Because I mean that makes sense since Uh...Do you recall her hair color? Eye color? Height? If you need a moment to gather your thoughts that’s fine. Base, this is Natalie Pritchard.
 
RADIO VOICE	Go for base.

NATALIE	I’m here with our tumble victim who is now awake, and I think coherent enough to supply a description of our missing person, whose name is Claire McAllister.

RADIO VOICE	Copy. We’re ready.

JOEY	She has golden blonde hair, I forget how tall she is... a lot smaller than me that’s for sure. Has ocean blue eyes, and was wearing a red jacket, with black work-out pants...

RADIO VOICE	Natalie, are you still there..?
 
NATALIE	Still here. Her...age?

JOEY	Huh..? Oh..! Um she’s 28 years old... and also she’s absolutely beautiful.

NATALIE	Do you copy that? A petite blonde haired, blue eyed beauty is what you’re looking for.

RADIO VOICE	Copy that. Our missing person is female. Blonde, small build, blue eyes late 20’s...Last seen wearing a red jacket, and black pants. Her name is Claire McAllister. There is stormy weather rolling in so let’s find this woman within the next few hours alright?

S&R VOLUNTEER.	I’ll keep looking. Rain or shine. He 

CLAIRE	Buff!! Buff! Where are you! HELP! ANYONE OUT THERE?!

NATALIE	So...I’m sorry, what was your full name..?

JOEY	Joey. Joey Bufalino.
 
NATALIE	Haha, aw!

JOEY	What’s that, sorry?
 
NATALIE	Oh, nothing, it’s just...your name is Joey, and you’re Australian, and you’re cute--it’s cute--that a joey is a baby kangaroo...

JOEY	Hah. Oh.

NATALIE	--Mr. Bufalino, I really do strongly encourage you not to go searching for your girlfriend alone!

JOEY	My mates just call me Buff. Pretty sure we’re past formalities Nat. Also I’m not alone. I have you.

NATALIE	Nat. That’s cool. Just to be clear, I’m not going to follow you into the...starry night...as dreamy as that sounds--Especially without the appropriate gear. When it comes to these sorts of things it’s crucial to be prepared when you go for, uh a moon-lit stroll--Oh look! A Rubber Boa!

JOEY	Where!?

NATALIE	You just missed it. It slithered underneath that rock. Did you know they’re one of the two types of Boa constrictors in the United States. Pretty cool right?

JOEY	Yeah. What’s the other type?
	
NATALIE	Rosy Boa. Look Joey—
	
JOEY	Buff.	

NATALIE	Buff. We have amazing volunteers, and they almost always find the missing person within 24 hours. If you head out on your own, and in the dark, you’re just going to get	 lost yourself. Then Search & Rescue will have to go and find you too.	 Which means less people looking for Claire.	Okay. I’ll help you keep looking until it’s too dark. Then we’ll set up a camp.

JOEY	I’ve got torches!
 
NATALIE	And I have an extra tent, and a sleeping bag you can borrow. I can almost guarantee that you’ll wake up the next morning with news that Claire’s been found, and just needs a few band-aids, and at most maybe a cast or two.

JOEY	Alright. I’ll camp out for the night, but if she’s not found by morning I’m going to keep looking for her myself.	

NATALIE	Fair enough.

CLAIRE	Hello!?

PERSON	Hello! Are you alright!?

CLAIRE	Yes! Yes! Other than it being a horrible start to my weekend, I think I’m alright! I can’t tell you how happy I am to see another person out—

COLT	Hi Claire.

CLAIRE	Nope.

COLT	What are you doing?
 
CLAIRE	Waiting up here for someone else to come and find me.

COLT	You haven’t changed. 

CLAIRE	(challenging) What?

COLT	I said you haven’t changed. You look like you’ve been through hell, and when you don’t like the hand that’s here to help, you’d rather wait up a tree a few extra hours. You’re so stubborn.

CLAIRE	Go ahead, make the call.

COLT	This is Colt McCoy. I’ve found Claire McAllister. She appears to be safe and well.

CLAIRE	(to herself) I don’t know how accurate that is. I spent the night in a tree.

RADIO VOICE	Great work Colt! Give us your location, and we can send in a chopper. Colt do you copy?

COLT	I copy. Standby for location. Need to get to higher ground for a reference point.

CLAIRE	You don’t know where we are?? 

COLT	I know where we are. But you need to stop acting like a child and come down here, Claire. I’m not doing this all over again.

CLAIRE	What?! Hey! Get back on your radio, and tell them where we are.

COLT	No.

CLAIRE	Excuse me?!

COLT	I said “no.” You come down from that tree, and treat me like a human being, and I’ll call in the chopper. Then I’ll leave, and you can just add it to your list of all the things that went wrong for you this weekend. Fine.

CLAIRE	What are you doing?
 
COLT	I’m coming up there to help you down.

CLAIRE	I don’t need your help.
 
COLT	You clearly do.

CLAIRE	Colt!? Are you alright?! Colt!?


COLT	I’m fine. I just--Broke my radio. And maybe my back.

CLAIRE	Don’t you have a phone!? 

COLT	I do, but--There’s no signal for miles. We’ll have to find a higher spot. No! Bella! Get back here! Bella!

CLAIRE	Why aren’t you going after her!

COLT	She’s long gone, and on her way back home. She’d rather be there than out here. Smart horse.

CLAIRE	This is the most vivid nightmare I’ve ever had.

COLT	You’re telling me! I knew I should’ve turned back around as soon as I heard your name over the radio! But no, I thought “Enough time has passed, we’re both mature adults by now. It won’t be an issue.” You sure proved me wrong Claire! Again.

CLAIRE	What about a smoke signal!?
 
COLT	It’s fire season. We can’t safely build a fire big enough that would send up enough smoke. Can’t do that unless there’s no other choice.

CLAIRE	And is there..!?
 
COLT	Yes. We’re getting to high ground and then calling the rest of the team.

CLAIRE	Fine. You do that. I’ll just walk along the river, and I’m sure it’ll spit me out somewhere close to civilization.

COLT	Here’s where we are. More or less. Here is where civilization is. Here is where I think—

CLAIRE	Oh you think? 

COLT	Here is where I’m pretty confident we can get cell service to call in a chopper. So unless you want to travel on foot an extra couple days, this is your best option.

CLAIRE	Okay. Let’s go get some cell signal.

JOEY	It’s 7 a.m. I didn’t sleep well last night, and I’m all banged up from the fall I took... but my Claire-Bear took an even worse fall, and I have no idea where she is or how she’s doing... Search and Rescue are out there right now looking for her, but honestly guys, I can’t just wait around. She needs me. So I’m about to head back up the trail—BEAR!!

NATALIE	Oh I’m sorry! Didn’t mean to frighten you! I was just checking to see if you were up, and you are! So that’s great.
	
JOEY	Yeah, um, any news about—

NATALIE	Yes! There is! That’s actually why I came over. One of the Search and Rescue volunteers on horseback found her!

JOEY	They did!? Where is she? 

NATALIE	Well, that’s the other thing. We haven’t heard from him since his initial call.

JOEY	Him?

NATALIE	Oh yeah, Colt. He’s great! Extremely capable, real outdoorsy type. Claire is in excellent hands.

JOEY	A colt is a baby horse, Nat.
 
NATALIE	Thank you, Joey. Colt McCoy is a good person. You don’t have to worry. I mean, it is a little strange that	we haven’t heard back from him since, but I’m sure there’s a perfectly good explanation as to why we haven’t. He’s...pretty awesome. I have no doubt that they’re both fine.

JOEY	Yeah, well...did he get her an awesome ring? I don’t think so.

NATALIE	Sorry? What was that?
 
JOEY	Nothing. Did he say where they where they were?

NATALIE	...No.

JOEY	Right. I’ve gotta find her...

NATALIE	You may want to take a couple. It will help with the inflammation. Oh! You know what you need right now?!

JOEY	A cold beer and a gentle breeze?
 
NATALIE	Hot Springs! There’s a couple not too far from here. They’re so good for aching muscles, and the minerals present in the water get soaked up in the skin, and help with circulation in the body.

JOEY	I don’t want to waste any more time. Every second that goes by, Claire could be inching that much closer towards death.

NATALIE	I think we can rule out death. Colt did say that she was safe and well. I mean it’s your choice, if you want to get up and go... but the Hot Springs could really help.

JOEY	You’re saying I can’t rescue her if I can barely stand?

NATALIE	Do you...want me to be saying that..?

JOEY	I don’t like it, but you’re stubborn. Fine. We’ll do it your way. Will you show me where these hot springs are?

NATALIE	Oh! Definitely!

COLT	You sure you don’t want one? 

CLAIRE	Ya I’m fine. Thanks. Hey, this is kinda embarrassing to ask, but what day is it...exactly?

COLT	It’s Saturday.

CLAIRE	Phew. I’ve got some important work things happening on Monday, and I wasn’t sure how long I was out in that river. Having an extra day to--to... shower... will be nice. 

COLT	What do you do for work now?

CLAIRE	Oh. I run a wellness app called Second Nature. It’s all about creating positive, and simple habits that will improve everyday life. It’s actually doing really well. I had to hire an extra 10 people just last week.

COLT	Hmmm. I hope it makes you happy.
 
CLAIRE	It does. It makes me very happy. I also have a boyfriend who is so great about letting me do my own thing. He travels all the time, which is awesome. I mean... I sometimes go with him, and we travel together. We get to see beautiful places, together, and eat delicious food. Do you have any more snacks? Hey! You’re going to climb...that?

COLT	Yes. I’m going to climb that.
	
CLAIRE	Wait. What?
	
COLT	Don’t worry. You’re staying here.
	
CLAIRE	Have you climbed it before?
 
COLT	I’ll be fine.

CLAIRE	In the rain?

COLT	It’s not raining.
 
CLAIRE	It’s about to be. Don’t you need a rope.
	
COLT	A rope would be great. But I don’t have one.
	
CLAIRE	So, what if you fall? 

COLT	I’m not going to fall, but if I do, just turn your head so you don’t see me land. Look. The sooner I get up there, the sooner I can make the call. The  sooner I make the call, the sooner we can part ways. Do you want to go home, or do you want to continue telling me how this can go wrong? Sorry. You might want to step back.	
	
CLAIRE	I don’t want to be responsible for your death. This isn’t so bad. Are you high enough for service now? So, do you still work up on that ranch?

COLT	I own it now.

CLAIRE 	Wow. (under her breath) That’s surprising.

COLT	Why?
	
CLAIRE	Why what?

COLT	Why is that surprising?
	
CLAIRE	Oh. Um. Just...all those years ago, you seemed content to stay exactly where you were. I mean, you didn’t actually go anywhere. Still, I’m impressed you had enough ambition to move up, and take charge.

COLT	Alright, miss too good for--Thanks for the spot.
	
CLAIRE 	Sorry.

COLT	It is just one thing after another with you.

CLAIRE	I really am sorry, I was trying to save your--Uh. What are you doing? 

COLT	Washing off.
	
NATALIE	You know another cool fact about hot springs? They’re naturally  detoxifying. Yeah. They can be a gentle remedy for skin ailments including acne, eczema, and psoriasis.. Not that you have any skin issues. Your skin is FLAWLESS--	Anyway, in addition to the mineral content of the water, the heat of the hot springs is also beneficial, and helps to alleviate the sensation of pain.	

JOEY	You sure know a lot of stuff Nat. You’re like the smartest person I’ve ever met.	
	
NATALIE	Oh. Well, I mean I did get 4.0 all through college, but there are definitely much smarter people than-	
	
JOEY	Uh Nat. We got a problem.	
	
NATALIE	Oh no. I’m so sorry Joey! I’ve completely wasted your time. I promise I had no idea they were	 closed off! They must’ve put this up last night... They should’ve radio’d me.	
	
JOEY	Hey! It’s alright! To be honest I feel much better anyway. Those pain killers you gave me worked like a charm. Besides the last hot springs I went to were filled with naked old men. Not that there’s anything wrong with that, but it’s just... I’m still recovering. This just means we can get back on track faster! Let’s go find Claire Bear--I’ve got an epic proposal to make, and I have a feeling I can spin this in just the right way... can you imagine: I find Claire, somewhere out there...

NATALIE	With Colt.

JOEY	I wrap her in a plaid blanket or something cute, kiss her, passionately...Then get down on one knee, and say “I know this has all been unexpected, but I have one more surprise for you, and this one I actually planned... will you marry me?”
	
NATALIE	I will. Help you! I mean! I will help you find your girlfriend. So you can get down on one knee and ask her to marry you.

JOEY	Amazing. I really appreciate what you’re doing for me Nat.
	
NATALIE	And I like hearing that. Uh. On second thought, we might need to take shelter till this storm passes.

JOEY	C’mon Mother Nature! Who’s side are you on?! Hey, do you see that cool cloud formation over there?

NATALIE	Oh yeah.

JOEY	That is beautiful. I gotta get a pic of that.

NATALIE	You should try it from that angle. That way you get the tail end of those extra dark clouds.

JOEY	Good spot Nat. Wow!! Blown away.

NATALIE	Now we gotta count to see how long it takes-- Oh that’s very close.

JOEY	You think we can find a shelter with a view.

CLAIRE	I’m fine, I don’t need that.
 
COLT	Yes. You do. It’ll work better if you remove that soaked sweater you’re wearing. Fine. Have it your way.

CLAIRE	I...th-th-think I left my... jacket up in that s-s-stupid tree.

COLT	You’re in the early stages of hypothermia. Let’s get your body temperature up.

CLAIRE	How did you find me? 

COLT	I’m not really sure. 

CLAIRE	What?

COLT	You’re not going to believe me.
 
CLAIRE	Try me.

COLT	I uh... I fell asleep on the horse. Or at least zoned out so much I don’t...really remember. I think it was around a.m. I was taking my time, combing through the areas close to the river. I told myself I’d just close my eyes for a couple seconds. They were so heavy. The next thing I remember was hearing you call out. My eyes snap open, and it’s morning. And somehow I’m still on Bella’s back gripping the reigns... and you’re up there in that tree... looking like a drowned cat.

CLAIRE	Sounds made up.

COLT	Told you.

CLAIRE	So what you’re saying is: Bella found me.

COLT	Yup. You owe your gratitude to the horse.

CLAIRE	Well I’ll have to thank her then. If we ever get out of here.

COLT	When we get out of here. Alright. Now that we have no way of contacting anyone, our best bet is to follow the river down to this Ranger Station. It’s about a days journey. From there we can radio—

CLAIRE	I’m sorry, a day?

COLT 	Yeah.

CLAIRE	I can’t do that. I have people depending on me—

COLT	There’s no better option Claire.
 
CLAIRE	Really? Because I think a smoke signal could be a better option!


COLT	I told you, that’s last resort.
 
CLAIRE	I think we’ve reached that point.
 
COLT	Fire season here gets worse, and lasts longer every year. I’m not going to risk burning down the forest just so you can shower before Monday.

CLAIRE	It’s raining!! How can one burn down the forest when it’s RAINING!?
 
COLT	How does one start a fire when it’s RAINING!?

CLAIRE	You’re ridiculous.
 
COLT	We’re not risking a fire deep in the brush, Claire. Not when I know how to get us to safety without it.

CLAIRE	I hope you know what you’re doing.

COLT 	I do. I promise.

JOEY	We’re being forced to wait out the storm underneath this massive tree that’s providing us shelter. I just hope wherever Claire is, she’s safe and warm.

NATALIE	So, you put those videos up on the internet, and people watch them and  that’s how you make a living? How does that work? How do you make money off recording your life?

JOEY	Uh. Well. When a lot of people want to see what you’re up to, you can then “influence” them, and companies will pay you to mention their products. ALWAYS casually, and tastefully. I haven’t done it yet out here, because I think it would be absolutely disgusting to exploit this particular situation. With Claire still missing and all...

NATALIE 	Huh...

JOEY	You don’t get out much do you? I mean socially.

NATALIE	No. Not really. Does it show?

JOEY	Well, what do you do on the weekends? Do you have any friends you hang out with?

NATALIE	I mostly just hang out here, in the mountains... Like Bob Ross said  “There’s nothing wrong with having a tree as friend!”

JOEY	I love Bob Ross!
 
NATALIE	Me too!

JOEY	Seriously watching him paint is the best lullaby out there. But c’mon, you’ve got to have someone to talk to...

NATALIE	I call my Grandma once a week. We have nice chats.

JOEY	Nat. You gotta find some people your age. Your nan and Bob Ross are both exceptional, but the list needs to be a bit longer.

NATALIE	People can be mean. Nature can’t hurt you the way people do.

JOEY	Well, I don’t know about that. Nature beat me and Claire up pretty bad in twenty-four hours.

NATALIE	Nature didn’t do that. You did. Nature just...is. You gotta learn to respect it.

JOEY	Ay ay, Ranger Nat. I will do my best to respect nature. I promise. It might not be my place to say, but you should try giving people a chance. They’re not all bad. And just because you have one sour experience doesn’t mean the next person will treat you that way. I mean isn’t that what life is all about? Relationships? Phoar, why wasn’t I recording that!? Did you hear how smart I just sounded??
	
NATALIE	Hey! I think that’s Bella! Colt’s horse. This is great!! But it’s not great that he is not on the horse...What is it girl? 

JOEY	Don’t worry Nat. I’m a bit of animal whisperer. I’ll get a hold of Bella.

NATALIE	Are you...whispering?
 
JOEY	Shhh...we’re connecting. It’s all right girl. You’re so brave for running through that storm. Where’d you come from? Have you seen my girlfriend? See? That’s it, girl. Come to Buff. I’m going to hop on your back, and you’re going to make me look all kinds of heroic as you take me to Claire—No! Wait!

NATALIE	Quite the connection.
 
JOEY	Will she be alright? 

NATALIE	Yeah. She’s headed in the direction of Colt’s ranch. What worries me is the fact that she’s not with Colt or Claire. I’m going to let Search and Rescue know that they may be in trouble.

CLAIRE	Let’s pick up the pace! I want to try and see if we can’t get to this ranger shack in half the time.

COLT	I’m going as quickly as I can with everything I’m carrying.

CLAIRE	Alright. Now that I’m helping you carry your things, you should be able to keep up with me. If I can get back tonight, I’ll still have time to call Jason who I’m sure is freaking out right now, calm him down, then get in touch with the others, and make sure everything is running smoothly for the launch of the new interface. If I can pull this off, all things considered, I’ll deserve a proper vacation—

COLT	Take a look around.

CLAIRE	Huh?

COLT	Take a look around, Claire! When are you ever going to be in a place like this? And you have it all to yourself!

CLAIRE	Well. I mean, you’re here-

COLT	Claire, stop. Do you even know who you are outside of work?

CLAIRE	There is nothing wrong with being successful at work. It’s what pays for my happiness. My apartment, my car, my—

COLT	Money doesn’t buy you happiness—

CLAIRE	Don’t be cliche’.
 
COLT	It’s a cliche’ because it’s true.
 
CLAIRE	That’s another cliche’.

COLT	Happiness isn’t about notoriety, or--or riches, or big TVs, luxury cars, expensive clothes. It’s about people loving and accepting you for who you are Claire. It’s about you loving and accepting them back. The good and the bad.

CLAIRE	I am loved and accepted for who I am! Why are we talking about this? I just said I needed to get to the station faster, not slower. 

COLT	If your job disappeared tomorrow what would you have?

CLAIRE	I’d... I’d have Buff.
 
COLT	Is that his name? 

CLAIRE	Sure is. I’d still have that guy.
 
COLT	Wow. You seem enamored by him.

CLAIRE	Well he accepts me. As I am.

COLT	Claire—

CLAIRE	We don’t need to get into the past.

COLT	All I’m saying is, just...try and slow down. Even a little. You might not mind the view.

CLAIRE	Hey! Is that it!? I told you we could get there in half the time! Hot shower here I come! Why didn’t you say something?
 
COLT	I didn’t want to burst your bubble. Besides I knew you’d figure it out. That building has been abandoned for as long as I can remember.We still got a long way to go. Don’t be sad. Listen...you can already hear the river. It’s just up ahead. C’mon.

CLAIRE	Are there any waterfalls or like... serious rapids or anything along  this river?

COLT	Not anywhere nearby. Certainly not from here to that ranger station we’re headed for. Why, what’re you thinking?

CLAIRE	Well. Why don’t we use the river? Give our feet a break, and ride down on it.

COLT	On what?

CLAIRE	I don’t know. Can’t we just, build a raft or something?

COLT	That’ll take a whole lot of something you don’t have, Claire. 

CLAIRE	Oh? And what might that be?

COLT	Time. Your work deadline is rapidly approaching, remember?

CLAIRE	Ah...yes. Okay but...but in the end we’ll save time and energy floating down to the ranger station.

COLT	You have a blister don’t you.
 
CLAIRE	A couple, I think.

COLT	There is that old abandoned shack we just passed...Maybe we could...use this as the base for a raft...

CLAIRE	...We could just use that boat.

COLT	Look. Red tailed hawk. You know what that reminds me of? Our high school mascot, and the first time I saw you.

CLAIRE	No! Not this story. 

COLT	I’d never seen such a fearless freshman. No one, and I mean no one wanted to put on that old mangy mascot costume for the rally. The football team wanted to burn it, but you insisted it would boost school spirit. I’ll never forget the way you held your head in defiance as you walked right up to that sad pile of sweaty faux feathers-n-fur, and put that stupid thing on in front of everyone. This blonde freshman, determined to rally the entire school in a re-painted chicken outfit. Then you ran around the field flapping your wings and giving everyone high fives.

CLAIRE	It smelled so bad!
 
COLT	Everyone cheered. They loved it. 

CLAIRE	I don’t know what I was thinking. 

COLT	I know what I was thinking. I was thinking that no one else could have pulled off being a sweaty, overly cheerful bird of prey better than you. I smiled a lot that night, watching the game...and watching you soar around the bleachers majestically giving blind high-fives...I just had to know who you were after that.

CLAIRE	I only did it because Gina wasinsisting we change our mascot to a kitten.

COLT	Ah, Gina. Captain of the Cheerleaders.

CLAIRE	Weren’t you two dating at the time? 

COLT	Yeah... she wasn’t so bad. She was really into cats though...like. Really into cats.

CLAIRE	So. Any Ginas in your life currently?

COLT	Ah. No. No one serious since you. Here. It’s my turn to row.

JOEY	It’s nearly 4 p.m. Around this time yesterday Claire slipped and--Well. Phone finally died. 

NATALIE	Oh darn! I guess we’ll just have to enjoy nature. And fresh air. And like. Each others company or...or something.

JOEY	(to himself) Nah, don’t you worry for one second, Nat. I’ve come prepared! Wha...? Wha...!?

NATALIE	I’m sorry. I don’t--I’m not sure what I was--There we go! Uh...samesies! I’m just gonna... go, get our phones back. Hey! Joey, get over here!

JOEY	Claire-Bear! What was she doing up in a tree? And more importantly why did she leave the jacket I gave to her for her birthday up here??

NATALIE	Joey this is good! It means we’re on the right track. We’ll just keep making our way down river.

JOEY	Who’s keeping her warm though??  No! Don’t say it.

NATALIE	Oh look! There’s mine.

CLAIRE	I could go for a steak right about now. Also fries. And a Burger. I’d even be happy with a couple cheap grilled hot-dogs.

COLT	How about grilled fish instead?
 
CLAIRE	Wait. Really? Wax on, wax off...

COLT	Just wait...Wax on.

CLAIRE	Teach me.

COLT	Come on then. You need to approach them from down-stream.

CLAIRE	Why’s that?

COLT	Fish spend most their time swimming up-stream.

CLAIRE	Look!

COLT	Nice. Okay, put your hands into the river slowly. Let it come to you.

CLAIRE	This is impossible.
 
COLT	Not impossible. Just... tricky. Look. Good. Now let it...Alright, you’ve got one chance to scoop it up. Wait until you get close enough. Try and close yourthumb and index finger around it’s tail. Then toss it on to shore. Just be careful, it might--You did it!!

CLAIRE	I did it?! I did it! Ow!

COLT	Are you okay?

CLAIRE	I think it bit me!

COLT	Oh yeah, that can happen sometimes. I tried to warn you. You okay? Here, rest your battle-weary wounds...

CLAIRE	Thank you.

COLT	It’s nothing. Just a bit of Neosporin, a band-aid, and you’re good as new!

CLAIRE	No. I mean... Thank you... for finding me.

COLT	You’re welcome. I assume you’d like to gut these.

CLAIRE	You assume wrong! But, it wouldn’t be fair to make you do all the work now would it? Oh I already regret this. 
	
COLT	So here I am trying to stamp out three different fires that refuse to stay put out in these separate areas, and the two other volunteers I’m training are just looking at me... doing absolutely nothing. Except gaping at me as I did this absurd dance trying to smother the flames.

CLAIRE	They were mesmerized by your moves! 

COLT	I do have some sweet moves.
 
CLAIRE	This was delicious. Worth every single fish bone I accidentally swallowed.

COLT	Now you can tell your employees that you not only caught a fish with your bare hands, but you ate it whole. Bones and all.

CLAIRE	That sounds like a good rumor to spread around the office. Make them terrified of me.

COLT	It can happen as soon as tomorrow. We’re 15 or so miles from the Ranger Station.

CLAIRE	It’s almost dark. We probably shouldn’t try and navigate our way down the river at night. We should just... camp here, and start back up in the morning.

COLT	It’s your choice. What happened to us?

CLAIRE	I think... I just needed to see what I could do. On my own.

COLT	I keep replaying that argument we had before you left. What did I say that made you run?

CLAIRE	I was young. I-- It was so long ago Colt. It’s hard for me to remember the details. I’m gonna try and get some rest.

COLT	Here. Take my jacket. It’s a warm enough night I don’t need it.

CLAIRE	Thanks. Good night Colt.

NATALIE	I’m sorry for throwing your phone into the bushes earlier.

JOEY	Oh that’s alright. You did go and  find me one that looked just like it. And it led us to Claire’s jacket. Which is serving as a nice pillow right now. I am on my phone a lot. It’s just... my job requires it ya know? It’s funny. When I was a kid I thought I’d be a storm chaser.

NATALIE	Really?!

JOEY	Yeah!

NATALIE	That’s why you were into those Cumulonimbus clouds yesterday.

JOEY	You know your clouds Nat.
 
NATALIE	I sure do! There’s also just the regular Cumulus clouds, Stratus, Stratocumulus, Altocumulus, Altostratus—

JOEY	Aw, settle down, Champ! 

NATALIE	Why didn’t you? Become a storm chaser I mean.

JOEY	Well. I was never any good at maths. Turns out storms are a lot of science. And science is a lot of maths. I don’t know...I guess...it was just easier to pull out my phone and create adventures instead of chasing them.

NATALIE	You should be a storm chaser. I mean if making videos for people, or sponsors, or whatever, makes you happy then keep doing that...but it kind of sounds like you gave up on a dream.

JOEY	Well... It’s not so simple as just declaring I’m now a storm chaser! I’d have to go back to school—

NATALIE	Then go back to school. 

JOEY	I’d have to get a tutor for the maths stuff—

NATALIE	So get a tutor.
 
JOEY	You are relentless Nat. You should be a life coach or—

NATALIE	--a math tutor...Nah. I like my job. I love my job.
	
JOEY	I’m really glad you’re here Nat.
	
NATALIE	Yeah. Me too.	

CLAIRE	Hey! HEY!! Colt! Colt! Wake up! There’s a helicopter! COLT! How are you actually sleeping through this?!

COLT	What!? What are you—

CLAIRE	There’s a helicopter! We missed it. It was right there, and we missed it.

COLT	I don’t know what all the fuss is about. We’re only about few miles away from the Ranger Station—

CLAIRE	What? You said it was “15 or so miles away” last night.

COLT	Claire—

CLAIRE	You lied to me. 

COLT	I’m sorry I-- I shouldn’t have lied. Things were just-- they were nice, and I wasn’t ready for it to end.

CLAIRE	Oh, so because you wanted something that I might not have, you fudged the numbers... knowing I’d agree to stay an extra night out here if I thought we were far enough away?

COLT	I know it was wrong of me—

CLAIRE	You want to know why I left without saying anything all those years ago? I left because we didn’t want the same things! You wanted to stick around the same place where you grew up, and I felt guilty about pursuing my own career.

COLT	How is that an excuse for disappearing without an explanation?! We were engaged Claire! Do you have any idea what I went through? Not knowing how or why you up and left me? And now, after all this time, you tell me it’s because you thought we didn’t want the same things? Or that I’d somehow get in the way of you doing what you wanted to do? The real problem is we never talked about it! Because you didn’t want to! You just made an assumption. Stuck the ring on my front porch in the middle of the night, and then you were gone. You know what, I’m glad you left. Because being married to you would’ve been like being married to a Mountain Cat.

CLAIRE	How dare you. 

COLT	Yeah I said it. 

CLAIRE	I don’t need your help. 

COLT	Well not after I got you within a couple miles of the Ranger Station. 

CLAIRE	Do me a favor, don’t follow me. This has got to be the worst rescue ever! I hope it doesn’t actually reflect the efficiency or capabilities of Search and Rescue, because if it does... they should clean house. Starting with YOU!

NATALIE	So this baby rattler is just sun bathing in the middle of the trail, and there’s tall grass on either side, so--

JOEY	Of course you’re not going to go stepping around in that because you don’t know how many other baby rattlers are in there—

NATALIE	Exactly!

JOEY	Oh! Your shoe lace has come undone there.

NATALIE	Oops sorry—

JOEY	Oh I’m sorry--

NATALIE	Oh no, go ahead! 

JOEY	Well alright then. I am an excellent tier of shoelaces. Look! It’s like two baby rattlers. 

NATALIE	Awe! Hey, Joey.

JOEY	I keep telling you it’s Buff—

NATALIE	Buff, I probably should keep this to myself, but whatever, I’m gonna go out on a limb instead. I just have to tell you that I...

CLAIRE	“We never talked about it” Please. He wouldn’t have listened! At least I gave the ring back! I could’ve sold it off to some pawn shop--

COLT	Claire. Don’t move.

CLAIRE	Colt. Help. Me.

COLT	I’m going to crouch down. Very. Very. Slowly. Then I want you to climb on my shoulders. Very. Very. Slowly.

CLAIRE	I’m so scared. 

COLT	I know. Me too.  But we need to look bigger and scarier than this bear.

CLAIRE	I don’t want to let go of your hand.

COLT	You don’t have to. Claire. I’m going to let go of her your hand, so you can wave them around
.
CLAIRE 	What!?

COLT	The only way we survive this, is to scare this bear off.

JOEY	Claire! Claire! I’m coming!!

CLAIRE	I think it’s working! Never mind!

COLT	Claire! I can’t see! 

CLAIRE	Oh! I’m sorry!

JOEY	Claire! Bear! Get on my shoulders Nat.Trust me .I’m an animal whisperer. Yes! Animal whisperer!

NATALIE	Oh my heart.

CLAIRE	I really thought we were going to die.

COLT	You okay?

JOEY	Claire! You’re alright! 

NATALIE	Hey Colt.

COLT	Hey Natalie.

JOEY	I said I’d find you! Didn’t I Nat?! And I totally did!

NATALIE	You sure did!

JOEY	Hey I’m Joey Bufalino. Mates call me Buff. Could you just keep it pointed in this direction?

CLAIRE	What are—

JOEY	This isn’t how I imagined doing this, but...Will you marry me? 

CLAIRE	Uh... um...
	
JOEY	I mean--we don’t have to--But--but we CAN--still..! 

NATALIE	Congrats!

JOEY	Ah, cheers mate! For you know...getting that, uh...romantic little gem of a moment on camera, and then also for...well...especially for watching over Claire.

COLT	Yeah. Just doing my job. 

NATALIE	I’d call a chopper, but the Ranger station is pretty close by... I don’t know what you want me—

JOEY	I bet Claire is exhausted--

CLAIRE	We’ll walk.

JOEY	Oh! Well, there you have it! 

NATALIE	Sounds good. I’ll just radio in, let them know you two are alive. There’s a path just up that way, it leads directly to the Ranger station. Someone there will be able to give you a ride back to your vehicle.

CLAIRE	Thank you.

JOEY	Aren’t you coming with us? 

COLT	Of course. Right this way.

NATALIE	Base, this is Natalie Pritchard, do you copy?

RADIO VOICE 3	Go for base.

JOEY	I found something of yours! Um, you forgot this, up in a tree...

CLAIRE 	Oh. I used it to tie myself up there that first night because I didn’t want fall out while I was sleeping.

JOEY	You slept in a tree?! 

CLAIRE	Yeah. The next morning when I woke up I got so flustered seeing Colt again, I just completely forgot it up—

JOEY	Again? You two...know each other?

CLAIRE	Yeah. It’s a long story. I’ll tell you when we get back to the car.

NATALIE	We ran into your horse. 

COLT	Was she alright? 

NATALIE	Oh yeah. I mean, we weren’t able to catch her. She got away pretty quick.

COLT	Yeah, well. She’s not the only one.

JOEY	You should have some phone signal now. I bet you’ve got a lot of calls to make—

CLAIRE	Nah, its fine. I don’t want to have to dig around for my phone.

JOEY	So... this Colt gentleman You had met before? 

CLAIRE	We were engaged once. Years ago. I guess you could say we were high school sweethearts.

JOEY	I see. I... had no idea. I...I asked him to record my proposal.

CLAIRE	I’m sorry I never talked about it until now.

JOEY	My proposal was weird wasn’t it? 

CLAIRE	I mean...

JOEY	Totally weird. I’m sorry. I just got carried away you know!? I had all this left over adrenaline from fighting that bear—

CLAIRE	Well, that’s not what--

JOEY	--that I just... I got down on one knee even though the moment wasn’t right. That’s what this trip was for. To ask you to marry me, but after I did it, I felt like I shouldn’t have.

CLAIRE	Buff. You tried to take the ring BACK off my finger.

JOEY	Well you just looked so...I mean, I thought that..!

CLAIRE	I know. It wasn’t right, was it. Buff, maybe it’s best we...

JOEY	I took the ring back off your finger. Who does that!? I’m so sorry, Claire. Maybe we should have realized this a while ago.

CLAIRE	Maybe we both realized it exactly when we were meant to.

JOEY	Gotta love that thirty day return policy.

CLAIRE	Hey. Can you drop me off somewhere? 

JOEY	I had a feeling you’d ask me that. Of course I can.

CLAIRE	But first, will you help me record something...?

JOEY	Woah. This place is awesome. I hope he still likes you.

CLAIRE	What if he doesn’t? 

JOEY	Is it true love?

CLAIRE	Yes.

JOEY	Go on then.

CLAIRE	Hey. You should call up that Natalie girl. She’s cute. And I saw her sneak her phone number into your pack at the Ranger Station before we left.

JOEY	...Stop it.

CLAIRE	She must’ve known it wasn’t going to work out between us. Take care of yourself Buff! Hello everyone...

CLAIRE	I don’t have the time to explain everything, but I’ll be taking the next week off, and after that I’ll be working remotely. I know this is coming at you all hard and fast, but I also know each and every one you are capable of keeping things running smoothly without me hovering. Kelly, you are the VP for a reason. It’s about time I trust you with handling the day to day decisions. Jonathan, you need to trust your instincts: they’re spot on. Also, if you have another panic attack, Abby will talk you down. The rest of you, thank you for making the companywhat it is today...	
	
JOEY	You know what will make that photo even better? Some clouds.	
	
CLAIRE	It took falling off a cliff and being swept down a river to realize that I had lost out on something	 very important in my life... and	what I should probably back off from a little. I’m excited to hear how the launch goes! I’ll check in next week. Oh, and you’re all getting raises! I owe you an apology. 

COLT	Claire? What are you doing here?

CLAIRE	I’m sorry for what I put you through. The last couple of days... and a couple before then. I had a lot of growing up to do, and I didn’t want to admit it. I was scared that I’d never amount to anything. I thought running away was the only option in order to prove that I could be anything or anyone. I think deep down I knew it was wrong, and if I had talked it out with anyone--especially you--I would’ve realized that I could’ve had both. I screwed up, and I’m so sorry for hurting you.

COLT	So, what now?

CLAIRE	I was hoping you’d give me a second chance.

COLT	What about that other guy?	

CLAIRE	Yeah, well. This time I did the right thing, and we talked about it. In the end we realized it wasn’t right. Because I’m still in love with someone else...

COLT	Claire, my place is here. I don’t want to come between you and your career. I already know that ending.

CLAIRE	The good thing about being a CEO in the 21st Century is that you can work from any location. Especially when you’re the creator. I’ve reached out to my employees. They’ll understand.

COLT	Claire—

CLAIRE	Are you going to kiss me already, or am I going to have to--

COLT	What did you tell your employees? 

CLAIRE	We can talk about that later. First, I want to ride off into the sunset with you.

COLT	That’s a bit cliche’ isn’t it? 

CLAIRE	You know what they say about cliches...I love you Colt.

COLT	I love you Claire.

 
(THE END)


