MAN	Previously on "The Quad." 

DANNY 	Have you lost your damn mind, freshman? She shouldn't be rewarded for slipping into my band through the back door.

CECIL	You mean my band.

BOJOHN	Daddy, come on, it's a W.

BEN	Listen good, don't you ever embarrass me like that again.

TIESHA	A GAMU student has leveled a rape allegation against you.

TERRENCE	I didn't rape anyone. That's my story.

MAN	I love you, Eva.

EVA	I love you too.

MAN	Eva Fletcher?

EVA	Yes?

MAN	You've been served.

DANNY	G-A-M-U!

MAN	(laughing) Uh-oh, watch this.

MAN	Shh I am gonna spill it. How'd that happen? [inaudible].

CECIL	So I'm sitting in the closet, and through the crack of the door I could see her scared to death, following her old man who's stumbling through the room looking for his keys or whatever the hell he came back to the house for.
THEO	She wasn't the only one scared. Bet you could have stuck a piece of coal between your ass cheeks and made a real diamond.
CECIL	Hell, I was so quiet then you could hear a mouse piss on cotton.

CLIVE	Uh, all due, Big Papa, but I swear you told this story the last time we got together.

CECIL	So she trying to push him out the door, but he ain't going for it, so finally I had enough. I kicked open the closet door and said, "Will you just get the hell on, please?" And then this other cat pops out from underneath the bed and says, "Negro, I was thinking the same thing about you.

THEO	Man, you are one crazy joker.

CLIVE	Well, you got the crazy part right.

NELSON	What's up, Clive? What are your jaws so tight about?

THEO	Probably has something to do with his band getting its ass dragged at the last three battles.

NELSON	Hey, all right, now, don't rub that in.

THEO	CD and them damn Mountain Cats, they dragged your ass too.

CECIL	All for a good cause.

THEO	What good cause? Your pocket?

CECIL	No, not my pocket. 50% of the winnings goes to the school's scholarship fund. The other 50% go to the marching band.

CLIVE	Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, like your rich-ass band needs another 10K.

CECIL	Yeah, we need it if we win it.

NELSON	Maybe you won't win it this year. A few other bands feel strong about their chances to win this year. Ain't that right, Mr. Taylor?

CLIVE	Oh, yes, sir. Southwestern Delta University will be doing the ass kicking this time.

CECIL	(snorts)

THEO	Oh, then throw your big-boy drawers on and put your money in the pot.

CECIL	I'm in for 250.

NELSON	All right, I'll throw my money away again this year.

THEO	Damn peer pressure.

THEO	Oh, scared money don't make none.

CLIVE	Oh, no, no, no, I am not scared. I have recruited some pretty impressive new musicians, and, well, you all know about my gift for writing original music, unlike most of my colleagues, still performing retreads.

CARLTON	No, sir, no, ma'am. I'm not one of y'all. I can't even tap my foot on the beat.

CARLTON	Let me ask you a question, Clive. How did SDU get rid of that female president you had down there?

CECIL	Hey, Frat, come on, now. We having a good time. Nobody want to talk about that right now.

CLIVE	No, no, no, no, no, no, it's all right, CD, and she got rid of herself. Yeah, see the trustees, they gave her just enough rope to hang herself, and that's exactly what she did. She raised tuition. She cut faculty salaries, and bye-bye.

CARLTON	Hmm, you did better than we did. We hired the first woman and youngest president in our history for what?

THEO	Equal opportunity?

CARLTON	Well, I don't know nothing about that. Worked my ass off for unequal opportunity my whole life.

CECIL	Life is what you make it, my brothers, and soon--and very soon my life is gonna be a lot richer, $1,000 richer, to be exact.

CLIVE	No, nobody drink to that.

CECIL	We are.

CARLTON	What are you doing? Sit up. Get up.

CYNTHIA	(on voicemail) Hello, you've reached Cynthia Diamond. Please leave a message.

CECIL	Hey, baby sis, uh, just checking to see if we on for lunch this week. You--you remember when--when dad took us to Puerto Rico to meet grandma, and I burned my arm making tortillas? (laughs) I just finished this piece of music, and I want you to hear it first just like we used to do. Anyway, call me.

CHRYSTAL	Your lawyer's here.

EVA	Let him in. Thank you. Napoleon, how are you?

NAPOLEON	I'm glad you're in a good mood.

EVA	(laughs) Are you going to ruin it?

NAPOLEON	Derek wants 20 grand a month in spousal support.

EVA	You have got to be kidding me.

NAPOLEON	Wish I was. We have a video deposition scheduled later this week. It's going to get ugly.

EVA	I'm not giving him any money. He gets to live in my dream house that was built with my family's money. I'm not giving him anything else, not one dime. (sighs)

NAPOLEON	Then like I said, it's going to get ugly.

EVA	(sighs)

NAPOLEON	Now, you'll see what I've drawn up in paperwork here to strategize.

COACH HARDWICK	Thanks for squeezing me in.

EVA	What can I do for you, Coach?

COACH HARDWICK	Well, I'm here about business, but this tension between us is pretty thick. Should we talk about it?

EVA	You know exactly where I stand, and you've made your position quite clear, unless it's changed.

COACH HARDWICK	Just spoke with James Green, Celebration Sports Network. Turns out our football team might be good for TV.

EVA	Hmm. Is that just an inquiry or a potential offer?

COACH HARDWICK	Uh, you can ask him at dinner?

EVA	Excuse me?

COACH HARDWICK	He won't take another step without sitting down with you face to face.

EVA	My calendar is booked for the next two months.

COACH HARDWICK	Oh, this deal, it could be worth 10 million over the next three years.

EVA	I'll move some things around.

TRINA	When did she leave town?

MADISON	I'm not sure.

TRINA	Why did she leave?

MADISON	I don't know.

TRINA	When is she coming back?

MADISON	I can't tell you that either.

TRINA	She's the face of sexual assault on this campus. The protest isn't as effective if the victim isn't actually here.

MADISON	Well, I imagine the protest isn't as effective if the victim hasn't agreed to participate either.

TRINA	How can we change her mind?

MADISON	How can I get you to leave her alone?

TRINA	He's the quarterback of the football team. We make him responsible for his actions, we send a message to every monster who thinks he can get away with this.

MADISON	Okay, I'll talk to her.

TRINA	Thanks. Let me know.

DONNA	How many times?

EVA	Two, sometimes three times a week.

DONNA	How often did you reach sexual climax?

NAPOLEON	Irrelevant. Don't answer that.

EVA	Every time.

NAPOLEON	Eva. Strike that from the record.

DONNA	Are you regretful?

EVA	I am. I wish I had waited until fall. Sex is better when it's cold.

DONNA	Are you referring to the weather or the emotions?

EVA	Both.

DONNA	When did the affair end?

NAPOLEON	Asked an hour and a half ago and answered. We're done here.

CECIL	Hey, sis.

CYNTHIA	Cecil, what are you doing here?

CECIL	Lunch?

CYNTHIA	Oh, I forgot. I'm up to my neck in claims, and I have to eat lunch at my desk today.

CECIL	Okay, I get it. Uh, walk me out? I need to ask you something. I want you to come to the Battle of the Bands. I made something for us, for you. It's--it's different than anything I've ever written. It starts with this sax solo.

CYNTHIA	How's that for me? You and dad are the musicians.

CECIL	But you and I are the ones that went through the crazy childhood together. That's what inspired me, and despite all the shit, we're still here.

CYNTHIA	And we're broken, Cecil, and you're a fool if you don't see that.

CECIL	I see it, but you're all the family that I have, and I would never forgive myself if I didn't try to make us right.

CYNTHIA	After all these years? Now you want to make it right?

CECIL	I should have come back for you, and now is all we got. Come if you can.

TERRENCE	I need to talk to you.

MADISON	What could we possibly have to talk about?

TERRENCE	I didn't rape your friend, all right? We both knew what we were doing.

MADISON	No, that is a lie.

TERRENCE	Madison, go back and watch the video again. I've never heard of anybody getting raped and smiling after it was over.

MADISON	So you go around having lots of conversations about how women act after getting raped?

TERRENCE	No, listen, my life, it's kind of not right since all of this, all right? Listen, I'm just asking that you talk to her. Tell her that I'm begging her to tell the truth. Look, I know she's embarrassed, but please, just--just tell the truth.

MAN	Hey, man, [inaudible], ain't that dude?

MAN	Sure is.

MAN	Yeah.

MAN	That's him. That's him.

CECIL	Danny, here's a new piece for the band.

DANNY	I'll run it through the transposing software.

CECIL	Not this time. I did it by hand.

DANNY	Old school? I'd like to watch you do that next time.

CECIL	You make copies. You pass it out. You collect every last one of them after practice.

DANNY	Yes, sir.

CECIL	You hear me?

DANNY	Yes, sir. Attention, section leaders. You too, kiss-up. Listen up, I got some new charts coming your way, so get focused.

CARLTON	Frat, can I holler at you for a minute?

CECIL	Yeah, a minute is about all I got.

CARLTON	You know, just wondering are we still on the same page about getting rid of Black Ivy?

CECIL	Right now I got one thing on my mind, and I'm surprised you don't know what that is.

CARLTON	(chuckles) Well, I know. I know you. I know you've been ready for this show for months.

CECIL	See, that's the difference between you and me. I have a goal, I'm about it until I accomplish it. You, you focus on all the shit that get in the way of what you want. All that leads to is a bunch of wishing and hoping.

CARLTON	Is that what I've been doing, wishing and hoping?

CECIL	Well, if you're doing something else, please tell me what it is.

CARLTON	Hey, you're right. You've got a lot on your mind. Only way to explain why you're being such an asshole. I'll talk to you after the battle, be in my same seat supporting you like I always do.

BOJOHN	Domino!

JUNIOR	What the hell?

BOJOHN	What? Did I count wrong?

TIESHA	You could at least have the decency to lose the game we just taught you how to play.

JUNIOR	Exactly, [inaudible], man.

BOJOHN	Whoa, whoa, whoa, a winner's got to win.

JUNIOR	"A winner's got to win."

ALL	(laughing)

ANNIE	Hello.

BOJOHN	Hey.

ANNIE	It is so good to see you.

BOJOHN	Good to see you too.

ANNIE	Why, I think you've grown an inch.

BEN	If he did, he'd be Brady. (laughs) Let's go.

BOJOHN	Where?

BEN	Lunch with UGA's assistant coach.

BOJOHN	I thought it was breakfast tomorrow.

BEN	His schedule changed.

TIESHA	Hello, I'm Tiesha.

ANNIE	Oh, I'm sorry. Hi, Annie and Ben Folsom. It's good to see you, Junior.

JUNIOR	It's good to see you too, Ms. Folsom.

BEN	Y'all mind if I have some time alone with my son?

TIESHA	Depends on what your son wants.

BOJOHN	Y'all can go.

TIESHA	Well, we'll stay.

BEN	You know I don't like to ask twice, son.

BOJOHN	Yeah, I do.

BEN	This guy's damn near got his head coach on board with your transfer. You're going to this meeting.

BOJOHN	No, I've got plans.

BEN	I'm losing patience with this bullshit. Get yourself ready, and I mean now.

BOJOHN	Mom, can you please talk to him?

BEN	Ain't nothing for her to say.

ANNIE	Honey, maybe we can--

BEN	We can't do shit.

BOJOHN	I met with Coach. I'll probably start next year. What?

ANNIE	Let him go, Ben.

BEN	Get your ass out that--

ANNIE	Ben!

BOJOHN	[inaudible]. You keep your hands off me.

ANNIE	Let him go, Bo. Please let him go.

JUNIOR	I wouldn't do that if I was you. Bo's daddy or not, I'll knock your ass out.

BOJOHN	Hey, hey, I'm good.

BEN	Fine, you want to stay here at Colored U? Stay.

JUNIOR	Mr. Folsom, you should get out of here 'fore I forget that I was raised in church.

ANNIE	Let's go, Ben. I love you. I'll call you later.

TIESHA	You all right?

DANNY	Sounds good, freshman, too good.

NONI	Um, thank you.

DANNY	You take this music out of the band room?

NONI	No, it just came easy.

DANNY	Shit always comes easy for you. That's about to change. Kiara told me you started that shit at the fundraiser. Soon as the Battle of the Bands is done, you gonna get humbled. All right, saxophones, section practice in five minutes. Line up for your charts.

DONNA	Did you inform your husband before taking $150,000 from your account?

EVA	I did not. Nor do I ask his permission to use the restroom.

DONNA	And what was the withdrawal from the joint account used for?

EVA	Personal business.

DEREK	Share the lie about paying the school's water bill, Eva.

EVA	It wasn't a lie.

DEREK	Did you spend it on your boy toy? Probably paying his rent in Atlanta right now.

EVA	How did you know he was--

DEREK	We know everything.

DONNA	School records show Jason King receives a stipend that's larger than 75% of all other graduate students. Did you arrange that?

EVA	Yes, I do magic. For the record, that was sarcasm.

NAPOLEON	Where is this questioning going?

DONNA	We're showing for the record Mrs. Fletcher has resources she systematically camouflages through the misappropriation of public funding.

EVA	(laughs) 

DONNA	Unless you play ball on this deal, the results of our audit might find its way to the media.

NAPOLEON	My client will not be bullied.

DONNA	Your client is an indiscriminate woman who ruined my client's standing and reputation. She chose not to honor her vows, and for that there's a cost, $20,000 a month or an investigation into her spending by the state of Georgia.

CLIVE	Mm, that's nice. That is really nice. You know, I remember being in here all alone working on my music after everyone else had long gone. I'm sorry, I'm Clive Taylor, class of '95.

NONI	Noni Williams.

CLIVE	Yeah, I was first chair sax. Should have been drum major, but old Diamond, he had his favorites. It's a complicated piece you're playing.

NONI	Can't get better playing easy music.

CLIVE	Mm. I notice that you're fighting some tension with your fingering.

NONI	Mr. Diamond says the same thing.

CLIVE	Hey, flip me off.

NONI	What?

CLIVE	Flip me a bird. Just pretend I'm somebody, I'm giving you shit, and flip me off. Come on. I promise it'll help. Now, right before--right before you fully extend your middle finger, that is the perfect curvature of a finger to play sax. No, keep flipping me off. Let that be your guide, and use both hands. Yeah, just--there you go. Now play that last measure again, please.

CLIVE	Mm.

BOTH	(chuckle)

NONI	That worked.

CLIVE	Of course it did. Man, I got all kinds of techniques. I'll tell you what I'll do. Now, you send me the chart for that song, and I will send you some more advice on playing it.

NONI	You said you were an alum. You're the band director at Southwestern Delta?

CLIVE	I'm both, and a photo of the music you're playing gets you a full ride at SDU, and people don't get hurt in my band.

NONI	No, thank you.

CLIVE	A woman of virtue.

DEREK	Derek Fletcher, and I understand my obligation to tell the truth.

EVA	Ask him if he's still in love. Ask him.

NAPOLEON	Are you still in love, Mr. Fletcher?

DEREK	I am.

EVA	(scoffs) Ask him about falling in love.

NAPOLEON	When did you first fall in love, Judge Fletcher?

DEREK	We said we wouldn't talk about th--

EVA	We said we'd work this out, and suddenly I'm served with divorce papers, and now you're asking me for 20 grand a month? Answer the question on record.

DONNA	Counsel should be asking the questions here.

NAPOLEON	Mrs. Fletcher is within her rights to represent herself. Mr. Fletcher, please answer, and I remind you, Judge, that you're under oath.

DEREK	Freshman year, the library. I walked her back to the dorm. She wrote a number on the back of my folder. Called her every day, talked all night. I fell for her hard.

EVA	Excuse me. What was that again? I couldn't hear it.

DEREK	Eva, why are you doing this?

EVA	Repeat your answer, please.

DEREK	(sighs) I said I fell hard.

EVA	Then what?
DEREK	She got pregnant.

DEREK	Didn’t want to keep it. We had no money. She, um--then--

EVA	The bleeding wouldn't stop. He called 911. It was too late. He lost them both, his girlfriend and their unborn child.

DONNA	My client needs a break.

EVA	For years I tried to work through this with him, but sometimes he'd call me by her name when we made--when we had sex.

DEREK	Eva, I'm sorry.

EVA	Early on in the relationship he bought me a pair of earrings, asked me to wear them all the time. I would have done anything for him to make him happy. Later I found out they'd been hers.

DONNA	You're still bound by the laws--

EVA	I am granting him his divorce uncontested and giving him my dream house, but I will fight you with my very last breath before I pay you 1¢ in spousal support.

CYNTHIA	(on voicemail) Hello, you've reached Cynthia Diamond. Please leave a message.

CECIL	Hey, sis, it's, uh, me. I'm leaving a couple tickets for you at the gate. Uh, okay then.

JAMES	But you never went to an HBCU.

EVA	I did not.

JAMES	Why is that?

EVA	Dartmouth offered me a full scholarship. I accepted, had a great time there.

JAMES	So you never walked through the streets of a black college homecoming and smelled the smoked turkey legs and fish frying and danced until you couldn't see straight?

EVA	(laughs) Not yet, but I'm looking forward to it.

JAMES	Hmm. Special.

EVA	Yes, I am, or at least that's what a selection committee conducting a nationwide search thought, and here we are.

JAMES	And here we are, and you'd like me to bless a mediocre football program with the biggest broadcast deal in HBCU history?

COACH HARDWICK	My program has the best league record of the season, and we already made history by beating a top five team.

EVA	Plus we're located in Atlanta, a major metropolitan city with an alumni base larger than any other school on your network.

JAMES	Did your homework, did you?

WAITER	Are you ready to order?

EVA	I'll have a 20-ounce rib eye.

WAITER	Yes, miss.

EVA	A little bloody.

WAITER	Right away.

EVA	What are you having, James?

MADISON	(sighs) Hey, my long-lost roommate. I miss you. Just wanted to call and let you know that no matter what happens or happened, that I'm your friend, and I will always be here for you.

JAMES	We're offering 10 million over three years for TV plus revenue sharing for every 100,000 clicks on advertisers' products during GAMU streamed games.

EVA	Candidly, I thought the dinner meeting went south.

JAMES	South is good for black college football.

EVA	(chuckles)

JAMES	You I'm not so sure about, but I do business like white folks do business. I don't have to like you to make a deal with you.

COACH HARDWICK	Now, when you see Mountain Cat football crash your servers, you'll be writing us a lot of checks.

JAMES	From your lips to God's ears.

EVA	We'll run the contract by our general counsel and get back to you next week.

JAMES	One more thing. Terrence Berry, he's your quarterback, right?

COACH HARDWICK	And yours too now.

JAMES	Actually not. He's been in the news lately, and Celebration Sports Network doesn't want to be in the news with him.

COACH HARDWICK	Are you saying we have to kick him off the team to get this contract?

JAMES	No, but you just did, and one of our partners, Big Stadium Sports, would want exclusive access.

COACH HARDWICK	I thought this was about football.

JAMES	It is, football, synergy, ratings.

COACH HARDWICK	Yeah, well, we'll get back to you on that one.

EVA	But I am sure you will be happy with our decision.

JAMES	I'm sure I will. Talk soon.

EVA	Absolutely. Have a productive day. Oh, your pen.

ANNOUNCER	Welcome to the annual Black Collegiate Battle of the Bands. First band up, Stephenson Hawkins State University marching band.

CYNTHIA	If the song is about us, he should hear it.

WOMAN	She's definitely not on the [inaudible].

CECIL	Everybody listen up. You're on the precipice of your young lives. You will encounter obstacles, obstacles that will be overcome by fortitude and sweat. One day each of you will have your own masterpiece to show the world, and always remember this performance today… 

CECIL	As the moment that--

MAN	Hey, man, we play that. Yo, that's [inaudible].

ANNOUNCER	Please welcome Southwestern Delta University marching band. Ladies and gentlemen, this original piece was written by band director Clive Taylor. It's called "Slaying Goliath."

CECIL	What did you do? What in the hell did you do?

DANNY	Nothing. I didn't do this.

CECIL	That music was about my life, my damn life!

DANNY	I swear I did not give it to them.

JAX	Sir, with all due respect--

CECIL	Take your shit and get out!

JAX	Sir, please, the band is watching. How do you want to play this? You walk, we walk.

WAYNE	Hey, we're one, y'all know that, but I can't lose my scholarship.

DANNY	Stay, both of you. Stay.

MAN	Did she just--

DANNY	Bitch.

MAN	What the hell is she doing?

SEVERAL PEOPLE	Oh!

WOMAN	Really?

WOMAN	Ass.

CECIL	Band, we are soldiers, are we not?

ALL	Yes, sir, we are.

CECIL	Then we will soldier on! Clearly they have forgotten who I am, who we are. Those thieves will not beat us. You will go out there, and you will play harder than you ever played before. You will march, you will dance, you will step harder than you ever did before, and we will kick their asses like they deserve to be kicked.

KIARA	What will we play, sir?

CECIL	"Before I Let Go." You're up. We are musicians, and we will display our showmanship through our musicianship.

CECIL	Today our performance will begin with a quote from James Baldwin's "Go Tell It on the Mountain." "Yes, he had heard it all his life, but it was only now that his ears were opened to the sound that came from the darkness, that could only come from the darkness, that yet bore such sure witness of the glory of the light." Today the Mighty Marching Cats will perform for said glory.

CECIL	(coughing)

DANNY	Next time on "The Quad."

JUNIOR	You want to be in a threesome with us?

TIESHA	What?

BOJOHN	Freaky friends. (laughs)

CECIL	Why'd you bring your father to my show?

CYNTHIA	You want to talk about the past? Let's talk about all of it.

WOMAN	Terrence raped me too.

COACH HARDWICK	Right now you need a lawyer.

TERRENCE	You think I did it?

EVA	Honey, please, you have to let me take care of this.

SYDNEY	You can't take of this.

MAN	I know who killed my sister.

CEDRIC	Chantel told me she saw the shooter.

MAN	You strapped?
