	
(THE REPUBLIC 9)


	
	

Deputy President	All you have to tell me is "we're doing our best."

Minister of Police	Sir, I don’t know what to tell you. I said my people on the ground are doing everything they...

Junior	Hey! Get lost! Don't talk to me as if I'm a child!

Hendrik	There's money in that van. A lot of money. R1.2 billion. R100 million could be yours. In cash. You could walk out of here with it and change your life. Start your life afresh and forget we ever met. I'm not doing this for Junior, Thabang!

Mbali	I'm doing this for you!

Thabang	You'd rather kill me, but this boy dies with me.

Female Analyst	Thabang. Thabang, please. 

Thabang	Let it go.

Minister of Police	Zondo has been captured. My people have him as we speak.

President Mulaudzi	That’s the best news I've heard today! Now, all that's left is  for to find out who...among us, has been  helping Hendrik all day.

Bridget	Would you like some coffee, some tea...

Dineo	Ma.

Katlego	I'm sorry, Bridget. It's nothing personal.

Moses	As-Salaam-Alaikum.

News Anchor	Good afternoon from the NNC studios in Randburg. My name is Cathy Mohlahlana. The whirlwind of the news day continues  although we've yet to receive official confirmation from Government we can exclusively reveal today that Hendrik Zondo has been found. According to sources within the police he was captured  as he was attempting to escape with the 1.2 billion rand that government delivered to facilitate the release...' of President Mulaudzi.'

Hendrik	Get these bloody things off me. I can’t believe this is happening. It's as if a movie is playing in my head. I wonder what I've done to deserve such bad luck. What an excuse of a daughter I have! How dare she gets her own father arrested? That dog! The child I raised? You'd think you have a child, but they're rubbish!

Sindi	Come on, Hendrik. You know she's pregnant. She didn't know what she was doing.

Hendrik	Are you defending her?

Sindi	No.

Hendrik	Are you defending that harlot of yours? That is not a child! You're just defending her! I don't even want to talk about these children. They make me mad. If Mbali was standing in front of me now, I'd slap her!

Moses	Sorry to interrupt family politics. We need to get out of here. The cops are looking for us... and we have no money.

Sindi	You’re right. Instead of standing here throwing a tantrum, let's plan a way forward.

Moses	Exactly. 

Hendrik	Shut up. Blah, blah, blah... Get in the car, let's go. I wish you and your child would get arrested. My own child betrayed me.

Thabang	You saved my life. Thank you so much. I owe you one.

Mbali	I wish I felt proud. But I’m ashamed. I'm sorry about your mother.

Thabang	It's okay. It's not your fault.

Mbali	I know she meant so much to you. You spoke so highly of her.

Thabang	My mother was...she was an amazing woman.

Mbali	I didn't know my family was so corrupt. I know people won’t believe me, but I didn't know they were planning this whole thing.

Thabang	I believe you. Don’t be hard on yourself. None of this is your fault. I guess it's called love. Is it a boy or a girl?

Mbali	It’s a boy.

Thabang	Take care.

Bridget	What will you do with us?

Katlego	I'll know once I receive my instructions.

Bridget	I can't believe you're also into this rubbish! My husband trusted you. 

Katlego	Oh. Just like how you trusted him? Yet he was busy sleeping with Zondo’s daughter. Trust is overrated.

Dineo	It’s okay. I know. Junior told me about the baby's sonogram.

Bridget	The baby? What baby?

Dineo	I told you.

Katlego	It's overrated.

Sindi	Mm! This woman has a beautiful house.

Hendrik	This is all my hard work. It's my blood and sweat.

Moses	This is not a big house, it's just a mansion.

Hendrik	You now live like a queen. Victorious Nchabeleng Mphahlele.

Victorious	What are you doing in my house? You know I’m being investigated. Yet you're in my house.

Hendrik	Hey! Have you forgotten you're speaking to your President?

Victorious	Former President. Don't forget you've fallen.

Hendrik	If it weren't for me, you'd be living on the streets. How have you been?

Victorious	I've been good. I want you to tell me all about it. 

Hendrik	Yeah.

Victorious	What's going on with you? You must tell me everything.

News Anchor	where President Mulaudzi will address the nation...'for the very first time since her kidnapping.' Today...marks the biggest test...in our young democracy, as a nation.

President Mulaudzi	The democracy that's only 25-years-old. Many of you may not be aware of the sacrifices that have been made...to defend this democracy in the last few hours. As the President of this country, it's my duty to inform you... about the outcome of the protests in Soshanguve... that have been televised throughout the day. Due to the stellar work of Intelligence and Police Services, we have confirmed...that Hendrik Zondo...is involved and getting assistance from people on the ground. Zondo used the anger of the people...and their dissatisfaction of service delivery, to fulfil his own selfish needs. As the President, I can now safely inform the nation... that Former President Zondo has been recaptured and is behind bars, as we speak. In conclusion, I would like to plead with the nation...to help me thank the hero that saved us...today. Our hero,' Mr. Thabang Ranaka.'

Moses	There is enough space right here.  A beauty like you deserves a good time.

Victorious	Don't irritate me. Where did you get this corpse?

Hendrik	Calm down. If it weren't for Moses, we wouldn't have made it here.

Victorious	Junior. Congratulations. You took your father's looks. We love that. I remember when you were young, you loved playing on Aunty's lap. And I'd spank your little bum. Maybe you should return the favour. Hm?

Hendrik	Leave the boy alone. He's way too young.

Victorious	Whoa! He can speak for himself. Junior? Vulani! Vulani! Ooh!

Hendrik	Oh, hey! Vulani really shines. Mm.

Moses	Thanks, my man. My six-pack is in the cooler box.

Sindi	Thank you.

Junior	Thanks.

Hendrik	No, thanks, boy.

Victorious	It's okay. Mm.

Hendrik	You enjoy these young boys, hey. They even walk around naked?

Victorious	Stop blabbering and tell me where your daughter is.

Hendrik	Don't even talk about that one. She's as good as dead. Come to think of it, I have an urgent call to make.

Deputy President	Yes?

Hendrik	My Deputy. Firstly, I must thank you for the great work you've done. All your help.'

Deputy President	Hey! Cut the crap! When the President finds out you’ve escaped again, heads are going to roll.

Hendrik	You sound scared. Why?

Deputy President	Stop fooling around. What's the next move?

Hendrik	Don't stress. We're way ahead of Mulaudzi. She will never catch up on us. She doesn’t know how to lead.

Deputy President	Oh! How long do you think it will take before they realise you escaped?

Hendrik	Aren’t you listening? How would she know?' How does a dead person know what happens with the living?

Deputy President	What will you do?

Hendrik	The plan hasn’t changed. The President is going to die.

Deputy President	Today? Look, we’re in the Union Buildings. There are police and guards everywhere.' What are you talking about?

Hendrik	We also have a plan. But in order for it to work, we need R25 million.

Deputy President	More money? You just got...You just got R1.2 billion. Have you blown it already?

Hendrik	Do you expect me to start a life in Abu Dhabi living on the streets? I need that R25 million.'

Deputy President	Where am I supposed to get so much money?

Hendrik	Do you think I've forgotten about that India rail deal? I know there's R50 million sitting in your offshore account. I need half of it. Listen, once Mulaudzi is dead, you become the President. How much do you think that seat is worth? I need that money so I can make things happen faster. I’ll even come to your inauguration.

Deputy President	How do you plan on killing the President?

Hendrik	Aha! I thought you’d never ask.

Deputy President	Now, listen...

Katlego	Off you go.

President Mulaudzi	I ask the nation... to help me thank our hero... who saved us today.' Our hero, Mr. Thabang Ranaka,' who sacrificed his own life...' to not only save my life,' but to save the democracy of this nation.' Mr. Ranaka, the whole of South Africa... say you've done well. Thank you. Thank you so much. We take off our hat to you. Thank you. Former President of this country, Hendrik Zondo...is involved in the Soshanguve protests. and he's using this to serve his own elicit ways and steal billions...

Victorious	Do you have to eat like a dog?

Moses	No. I'm just showing you that I'm not a dog. I'm a jackal. You know what, don't get used to those chicks of yours. You take me for granted.

Sindi	Eat properly, Moses. What's wrong with you? We're guests here, remember. Have some manners. Unlike some people.

Victorious	This old woman is so boring. I don't know how she became the President in the first place. I can hear she's mumbling, but I can't make sense of what she's saying. Dressed like she's going to church.

Sindi	I once heard rumours that you were down and out. I see you're back at the top.

Victorious	No, Sindi. It's all for show. I've sold most of my stuff. I just need one more tender. But life has been challenging since your husband is no longer number 1. He used to give me tenders whenever I needed them. What will we do now? It's challenging. I just wish the taps would open.

Moses	All you have to do is ask. Why don't you ask me? My hose is always up.

Victorious	Moses, right?

Moses	Amen!

Victorious	You're busy telling me about the hose that is always up, yet you look as dry as leather, and as pale as an Old Testament.

Hendrik	Aha! I’ve got good news. Everything is sorted. In a few hours, we’ll be on the plane with R25 million. I know some of you might think it’s not a lot of money, but...we can start afresh.

Sindi	Wait a minute, my dear. What about Mbali? We can't leave her behind.

Hendrik	Your daughter? You want me to run after that Jezebel, after everything she has done to me?

Sindi	She's our daughter, my dear. We can't leave her behind. 

Hendrik	Forget it. If you want to stay behind with her, you're welcome. The rest of us are leaving. Are you ready, my boy?

Junior	We're leaving, Dad.

Hendrik	Moses, we're leaving. Stay behind with your slut.

Victorious	Junior can stay, if he wants.

Hendrik	He'd be digging a grave for himself if he agrees.

Nurse	Are you okay?

Thabang	I think so, my bra. 

Nurse	You'll be fine, man.

Thabang	Thanks.

Nurse	Okay.

Katlego	Thabang.

Thabang	Katlego. Is everything okay? Where is Bridget?

Katlego	I'm sorry.

Thabang	What for?' Katlego, are Bridget and Didi okay?

Katlego	I'm not like you, Thabang. I don’t have a family of my own. I don't have a wife or a child. This job was everything to me. What do I have to show for it? I've given this job my all.

Thabang	Katlego, what have you done?

Katlego	Thabang, if you want to see your family alive again, you'll kill the President.

Thabang	Katlego. Katlego!

Female Analyst	We're taking Mbali to the station. And you? What's with the long face?

Thabang	All is good. Uhm... I just can't wait to get home and see Didi and Bridget. Ness, I need your help.

Female Analyst	What's new? What do you want this time?

Thabang	I need to speak to the President.

Female Analyst	Okay, I'll make some calls.

Thabang	Ness, I have some information that's meant only for her ears.

Female Analyst	When do you want to talk to her?

Thabang	Now.

Female Analyst	Thabang. If this is serious and you need my help, you need to tell me what's going on.

Thabang	Just trust me. That's all I have to say. But trust me.

Female Analyst	Okay. I’ll see what I can do.

Hendrik	Thank you. You’ve always had good taste. Mm! Nice and smooth.

Victorious	Mm. Guess what my doctor said? I must quit drinking alcohol. What the hell does he know?

Hendrik	I’ve been meaning to thank you for opening your home to us.

Victorious	It’s my pleasure. I’m glad I could help.

Hendrik	Mm. Remember when we were running from the police in Mozambique? When was it... in 1986?

Victorious	Yes, in 1986. Where was I going? I was still a child. I don't know why I didn't just stay at home. I was too forward.

Hendrik	You wanted to be part of the struggle.

Victorious	I could have done that at home, I didn’t need to cross a border.

Hendrik	Well, you were headstrong. You wanted to be hands-on, insisted on holding a gun. You were young, yet you were treating wounded comrades. You were a real soldier.

Victorious	But you protected me. I wouldn’t have been safe without you. To be honest, the struggle robbed us of our youth.

Hendrik	Yes, it took something from each and every one of us. But most people in this country still don’t understand... where we've come from and how hard it's been. We were ready to die at any minute

Victorious	That’s why we're taking all the money now, and influencing whoever we can... so we can hold onto it. I mean, to us, it will never be permanent.

Hendrik	Yeah.

Deputy President	Lufuno, that was a wonderful speech. South Africa is now reassured.

President Mulaudzi	Thank you.

Deputy President	About... your life...Who do you think was trying to harm you within the cabinet?

President Mulaudzi	About that...I think I was wrong.

Deputy President	Oh.

President Mulaudzi	Whoever is trying to kill me is not within the cabinet. It's Zondo.

Deputy President	Zondo? How? All he ever wanted was money, and he got it. R1.2 billion. Why would he want to kill you?

President Mulaudzi	Cassius, Zondo and I have a history.

Deputy President	Goodness! What do you mean? I thought you only knew each other from the camp.

President Mulaudzi	In that camp...

Hendrik	Come to think of it, Lufuno and I have come too far. I understand where all this beef between us comes from.

Victorious	I always heard stories about you. But then... there were stories about you and other women.

President Mulaudzi	Hendrik...was this fine, charismatic man. A powerful leader who had a promising future ahead of him. Girls loved him. Myself included.

Hendrik	I was serious about her. I wanted to build a life with her. But she was too controlling. She wanted me to stop  spending time with the comrades, and separate me from everyone I was close to. I realised it'd be hard for me to live with her.

President Mulaudzi	But then...you know how you men are in this movement. You see us as equals only when we're working. Only when we're soldiers. After that, you expect us to be women. Things that must just bend to your every whim. Objects. Hendrik was like that.

Hendrik	Eventually, she fell pregnant.

Victorious	Why am I not surprised?

President Mulaudzi	There I was, 18 and pregnant. I was carrying a baby of a man I didn't know... what kind of husband he'd be. When I imagined that kind of future, it was not for me. He wanted me to be a wife, stay at home and forget about my dreams. You know, just stop...with my life and my work. I wasn't going to have that.

Hendrik	No. I wanted to marry her. I was ready to marry her. We even snuck into a hospital and found out we were having a boy.

Deputy President	What happened to the baby?

President Mulaudzi	I did what I needed to do. Yes. Look, I was only 18, pregnant, carrying a baby of a man I didn't know...what kind of husband he was going to be. Or if he would be able to give me all the things I... wanted. A husband to be able to give me... raising children... all of that. It was just...Let's just say it wasn't for me, okay.

Victorious	You know what, enough of the sad talk. I suggest we drink on it.

Hendrik	Yeah, well...in the end, I became President. Mm. Oh.

News Anchor	Zondo's arrest marks the climax to a shocking series of events after the kidnapping of President Mulaudzi, the ransom demands  of the dogs of Soshanguve, and the announcement of Zondo's escape from a high security prison in Pretoria. This in the day of Zondo's conviction for fraud, corruption, money laundering and racketeering at the Pretoria High Court.'

President Mulaudzi	I'm sorry. I don’t know where those tears came from. I shouldn't have just cried like that.

Deputy President	Don't be sorry. I’m the one who's sorry, for failing to protect you from what happened today. I can see it has affected you. I wish there was something I could do...or something I had done. I wish I'd been there to protect you.

President Mulaudzi	No. You've done a lot, thank you. You see, you're the one person who supported me in the most amazing way...through this whole debacle with Hendrik. The truth is, I don't know how I'd have survived this day without you.

Minister of Police	Excuse me. May I speak to you? It’s very important. I just got off the line with one of the juniors. Thabang Ranaka claims to have highly classified information to discuss with you.

President Mulaudzi	That’s fine. I'll get one of the PA's to arrange the meeting.

Minister of Police	He's already on his way here as we speak, Ma'am.

President Mulaudzi	Oh. Do you have an idea what he wants to talk about?

Minister of Police	No, but he's stressing that it’s highly classified.

President Mulaudzi	I understand. I’ll see him. When he arrives, bring him through.

Minister of Police	Yes, Ma'am.

President Mulaudzi	Thank you. I wonder what it's about.

Hendrik	I suspect he might have information about the mole within the cabinet. Meet with him. Talk to him.

Female Analyst	Okay. We're about a kilometer out. All right, thank you. Good news. You can see the President.

Thabang	Thank you.

Female Analyst	Are you going to tell me what this urgent meeting is about?

Thabang	No, Ness.

Female Analyst	Thabang, talk to me so I can help you. Is that Bridget and Dineo?

Thabang	Ness!

Female Analyst	Is that your wife and child?

Thabang	It’s nothing. What do you mean, it's nothing? Talk to me so I can help you!

Female Analyst	Are they being held captive? What's going on?

Thabang	Ness, no one can help me with this. I can't even explain it. I don't know what to say. It's complicated. We need to see the President.

Female Analyst	Is that why you want to see the President?

Thabang	I don’t know what you’re talking about.

Female Analyst	You want to kill the President.

Thabang	Shut up, Ness. I don't know what you’re talking about.

Female Analyst	Then tell me what's going on!

President Mulaudzi	Look, if this is about the mole, then it's a good thing. He'll help us. He'll get that final puzzle piece that we've all been waiting for.

Hendrik	That’s why it’s important that you see him.

President Mulaudzi	True.

Minister of Police	Madam President. We have just received very urgent information. We got a tip-off that Thabang is on his way to kill the President.

President Mulaudzi	No.

Minister of Police	You have to evacuate to safety. Security is waiting downstairs.

President Mulaudzi	What do you mean he's coming to kill me?

Minister of Police	I don’t have the details, Madam, but we have to move.

President Mulaudzi	Where is he?

Minister of Police	I'm not sure, but he somewhere in the building.

Hendrik	Wait a minute. What if we're taking the President straight to danger? She must remain here. Stay here. This is the safest place.

Minister of Police	Madam President, nothing will happen to you. Your safety is in my hands. But we have to move.

President Mulaudzi	This doesn’t make sense! Thabang saved my life just a few hours back! He can’t be out to kill me. He's the reason Zondo was captured!

Minister of Police	Madam, my source is very reliable. The important thing right now is your safety.

President Mulaudzi	What if your source is wrong? What if your source is trying to put the President in danger?

Deputy President	We need to remain here! That's what we should do!

Minister of Police	Please, Ma'am.

President Mulaudzi	The DP is right. I don't need to move. I'll stay here. Get Thabang on the phone. I'll talk to him. I'm going to stay here.

Minister of Police	President.

President Mulaudzi	Call him! Ranaka, where are you?

Thabang	On my way to you, Madam President.

President Mulaudzi	I hear you're coming to kill me. Is that true?

Thabang	That's a lie, Madam President. My intention is to have a discussion with you. There are some powerful people who are against our meeting. I have some news for you and they're extremely important, so they're spreading lies.

President Mulaudzi	Why don't you just say whatever it is you want to discuss, over the phone? Say it now.

Thabang	I’m afraid I cannot do that, Madam President. I must tell you face-to-face. It's for your ears only.

Minister of Police	And?

President Mulaudzi	I don’t trust him. Not at all. But I refuse to run or hide. Something is not right. There's more to this! Whatever it is, let's find it. I'll wait for Thabang. You know, when I spoke to Thabang, I picked up something in his voice. A strange, comfortable element of danger. I don't know.

Deputy President	Lufuno, Thabang may be many things, but he's not a killer. Anyway, it makes no sense. Why would he want to kill the President he's just saved? Why?

President Mulaudzi	Who knows? Maybe he was just doing it to distract me.

Deputy President	No.

President Mulaudzi	To get me to let my guard down so he can come back and finish me off.

Deputy President	Thabang is a hero. He's a hero. Everyone sings his praises ever since you commended him. My love, meet with him. Let's hear him out. Okay? My gut tells me that he has information about the mole... within the cabinet. Meet with him.

Katlego	Don’t worry. It will soon be over. Thabang will kill the President. Once he's done that, I'll set you free.

Bridget	You wish. Thabang won't kill the President. He's not the man you think he is.

Katlego	You think I want to be here? You think this idea just popped into my head? We know the kind of man Thabang is. He will do anything...to protect you.

Bridget	Don't forget, my brother, the Thabang I know, is smarter than the whole lot of you. He'll think of a plan.

Katlego	Yeah. We'll see about that.

Thabang	Put your guns down. Put your guns down, slowly.

Minister of Police	Thabang, drop it! Drop the gun and get down on your knees.

Thabang	Madam President!

Minister of Police	Do it!

Thabang	Madam President, I need to talk to you! You have to hear me!

Minister of Police	Thabang, put the gun down.

Thabang	Madam President, you have to hear me out! I have information for you.

Minister of Police	Drop it! I won't repeat myself, Thabang.

Thabang	I have information for you, Ma'am. You need to hear me.

Minister of Police	Hey, drop it! Madam, please step back inside. This is for your own safety.

Thabang	Madam President, you can trust me. You know me. You know how much I love my country. And I'll die protecting it, or you. So, Ma'am, I’m not here to kill you. I'm here to protect your life. Please trust me. I need to talk to you.

President Mulaudzi	Excuse us.

Minister of Police	No, Madam.

President Mulaudzi	Please. Well then, Ranaka. Here I am. What's so important that you couldn’t tell me over the phone?

Minister of Police	Someone should have gone in there with him. We never should have let him meet the President like that.

Deputy President	Calm down. They're just talking.

Minister of Police	The President could be dead and we’re just standing here!

Deputy President	Don't be dramatic. This is one of the good guys.

Minister of Police	Deputy, do you have amnesia? That's the same man who helped Robert steal millions. He's not a hero!

Deputy President	But he has information about the mole amongst us. It could be you, for all we know.

Minister of Police	Excuse me?

Deputy President	It could be you.
Deputy President	Why else would you block him from sharing classified information with the President? Maybe it's you.

Minister of Police	You know what, you may be Deputy President, but I won't let you insult me. Why would I sell my country out?

Deputy President	Who knows?

Minister of Police	Madam, are you okay? Drop it! Drop it!

Thabang	All I can tell you is that I'm sorry. I didn't have a choice.

Minister of Police	What have you done, Thabang?
