Minister of Finance	We have R700 million in reserves.

Deputy President	R700 million is not enough. Didn't you hear what he said?

Katlego	Minister, we're going to need some reinforcements right now.

President Mulaudzi	They're going to kill you and all your little dogs of boys.

Thabang	Katlego, it's my wife in there.

Katlego	You're not going anywhere! Go away!

Thabang	Hey!

Female Analyst	Guys, guys...

Female Analyst	Please.

Young Dog	Just shoot this old lady, man!

Karabo	Madam President, you don't want to do this.

Young Dog	Shoot her!

Junior	Very soon, they'll bring the money to Soshanguve.

Hendrik	Great job, son.

News Anchor	Soshanguve continues to burn,

News Anchor	and South Africa has come to a complete standstill…

News Anchor	after the kidnapping of President Mulaudzi and her spokesperson Bridget Ranaka.

News Anchor	ompanies around South Africa have shut down,

News Anchor	schools have cancelled classes as the entire nation remains in a sense of panic…

News Anchor	as events play out in Soshanguve, in Pretoria.

News Anchor	Although the police have completely surrounded the township,

News Anchor	they remain in a stand-off with the community.

News Anchor	The whereabouts of President Mulaudzi are still unknown.

President Mulaudzi	You do realise he'll kill you after this, right?

President Mulaudzi	When he no longer needs you!

President Mulaudzi	Yes! I'm talking about you!

President Mulaudzi	Your leader has just brutally killed an innocent boy.

President Mulaudzi	What about you?

President Mulaudzi	Social justice, social justice.

President Mulaudzi	That's rubbish!

President Mulaudzi	Is that what you believe in now?

Karabo	When I need your opinion, I'll tell you.

Karabo	But before then, please...

Karabo	shut up.

Moses	Ah!

Moses	Ladies, ladies!

Moses	How's the hunger treating you?

Moses	Are you still fine?

Moses	You're good?

Moses	Come on, gents!

Moses	Mdogies, what's wrong with you? What kind of hosts are you?

Moses	No, man. Listen, don't worry.

Moses	We're going to braai some juicy steak soon…

Moses	and have a good time. You know what I mean?

President Mulaudzi	You think you're funny, huh?

President Mulaudzi	You think you're Trevor Noah or some comedian, cracking silly jokes!

President Mulaudzi	No, man!

Moses	He was a soldier,

Moses	and he died for a cause.

Moses	He wasn't a disappointment like you.

Moses	Get lost!

Moses	Let[s braai some meat!

Moses	Look,

Moses	it's either we eat meat or a human.

Moses	Alcohol would be better if you can get it.

Somalian Guy	We need to get him to the hospital.

Thabang	I need your help, boy.

Thabang	I need to know where the President has been taken.

Young Dog	I don't know, my bra.

Thabang	He needs to save his energy.

Thabang	I want to know who's behind this whole thing.

Somalian Guy	I want to know who your leader is. Who is it?

Young Dog	Thabang!

Thabang	Moses Matseke, my bra.

Young Dog	Moses Matseke?

Young Dog	Moses Matseke, yes.

Thabang	Eish!

Young Dog	That guy is the most dangerous gangster in the township.

Thabang	I know, my bra. Please help me.

Young Dog	How did you get involved with him?

Somalian Guy	I'm one of his dogs. Please help me!

Young Dog	Enough!

Katlego	Help me!

Thabang	Listen here.

Thabang	I managed to get into Soshanguve.

Katlego	I'm tracking the President, as we speak.

Katlego	We have strict orders from the Minister to wait.

Thabang	We've got everything under control here.

Thabang	 Yes, man.

Thabang	I just got the information now.

Thabang	It's Moses Matseke.

Thabang	You don't know Moses Matseke?

Katlego	He used to be a freedom fighter.

Katlego	No. How did you get your Intel?

Katlego	Look, I can't do that, okay?

Thabang	Do you think these protestors will let anyone through?

Katlego	This kid is dying, Katlego!

Katlego	There's nothing I can do, okay!

Thabang	My hands are tied, sorry.

Katlego	If he doesn't get an ambulance as soon as possible, he'll die.

Katlego	Listen, Thabang!

Thabang	There's nothing I can do!

Thabang	Katlego?

Somalian Guy	Gosh!

Thabang	Where are you going?

Thabang	To Matseke's shack.

Somalian Guy	I know where it is.

Somalian Guy	Thabang, wait!

Minister of Finance	Be careful.

Minister of Finance	I said, get the money.

Minister of Finance	Stop arguing with me!

Minister of Finance	I won't argue with you about...

Minister of Finance	Uhm... listen, let my staff know as soon as the money is ready.

Minister of Finance	Thank you.

Minister of Finance	Deputy, I've just spoken to the bank.

Minister of Finance	The money is available, so everything is sorted.

Deputy President	Oh, okay.

Deputy President	Minister,

Minister of Police	get the transportation ready. I want your people on this.

Minister of Police	If I may say something, Sir,

Minister of Police	I don't think this is a good idea.

Minister of Police	I mean, what kind of a precedent are we setting?

Deputy President	Handing money over to terrorists!

Deputy President	What choice do we have?

Deputy President	Tell me, what should we do?

Deputy President	What do you suggest we do?

Minister of Police	Do you have a plan to ensure that the President comes back safely?

Deputy President	I suggest we wait and...

Deputy President	Wait?

Deputy President	We must wait?

Deputy President	I said declare a state of emergency and send in the army.

Deputy President	But what did you say? Do you remember?

Deputy President	You said we should wait.

Minister of Police	Look where that has gotten us.

Minister of Police	Deputy, in my opinion...

Deputy President	In your opinion?

Deputy President	I don't need your opinion anymore.

Deputy President	I don't need it anymore.

Minister of Police	I needed it an hour ago, but not anymore.

Deputy President	Very well, sir.

Deputy President	No one will get hurt, not on my watch.

Deputy President	Am I clear?

Deputy President	Not the President or anyone else. No blood will spill.

Moses	Not on my watch.

Moses	Hey, Lufuno.

Moses	Do you remember Pango?

Moses	Hey! I thought I was going to die,

Moses	but they sent us to...

Moses	Quatro Prison.

Minister of Police	Yeah!

Moses	Get the other Ministers. Come here.

Moses	My good Sir.

Deputy President	What's the news from the Union Buildings?

Deputy President	We're releasing the money from the Mint.

Moses	You'll get it shortly.

Moses	Yey!

Deputy President	Mayibuye!

Moses	Before we continue, I need to speak to President Mulaudzi.

Moses	No problem, Honourable One.

Moses	No problem!

Moses	Please hold on.

Deputy President	If you try anything funny,

President Mulaudzi	President Mulaudzi, can you hear me?

President Mulaudzi	President?

Deputy President	Yes.

Deputy President	You're alive.

President Mulaudzi	Yes, I'm alive.

Moses	Listen, Cassius. Don't give them the money! Don't…

Moses	You have your proof.

Bridget	Bring the money, now!

Deputy President	I'm sorry.

Deputy President	President?

Thabang	President!

Thabang	Hey, my boss!

Thabang	Are you just standing there?

Thabang	Haven't you heard we need armed people in the front line?

Thabang	The police are trying to break through the township with soldiers.

Thabang	Go that side, and I'll block them from the other end. We'll meet halfway.

Thabang	You understand?

Thabang	Go, my bra!

Thabang	Don't go there! That way!

Junior	Junior?

Thabang	Thabang?

Junior	What are you doing here?

Thabang	What are you doing here?

Junior	How do you know Moses?

Thabang	I'm here to help.

Junior	Help who exactly?

Junior	Who do you think organised this protest?

Thabang	I'm responsible for the funding and logistics.

Junior	 Why?

Junior	Thabang,

Junior	my father is a corrupt criminal.

Junior	I spent the longest time denying it.

Thabang	But now I realise he almost destroyed this community with his corruption.

Thabang	So, the son...

Junior	is suffering from the iniquity of the father?

Junior	I benefited a lot from my father's corruption.

Junior	The first car I ever owned...

Junior	was a Z4.

Junior	So I'm not going to stand here...

Thabang	and act all holy.

Thabang	So?

Thabang	So I wanted to help where I could.

Junior	I want to bring change.

Junior	People don't change.

Junior	Thabang, you changed.

Junior	Thabang,

Junior	I know you think you're the only one with a conscience.

Junior	But you're wrong.

Thabang	He'll be suspicious if I don't answer.

Thabang	Do me a favour...

Moses	and act cool.

Junior	My boy, we're going to get the money.

Moses	All of it?

Moses	Every cent.

Junior	In a couple of hours.

Junior	That's great news.

Junior	The community will be happy.

Moses	We did a great job.

Moses	The community?

Moses	Your father will be the happy one.

Moses	We're going to fly to Abu Dhabi with R1.2 billion in our pockets.

Moses	You're playing. We're going to have fat pockets.

Thabang	Where are you? Are you still at my place?

Junior	Ask him where he's holding the President.

Junior	Moses,

Moses	where's the President?

Moses	Well, she's safe.

Moses	I just don't want to jinx it.

Moses	We can't mix atchar and milk.

Moses	No, no!

Moses	Just be safe and keep yourself alive.

Moses	We're going to be rich, you'll see.

Moses	Okay, I'll keep in touch.

Thabang	Bye.

President Mulaudzi	Is that the plan?

President Mulaudzi	You know, Moses,

President Mulaudzi	things will end badly for you.

President Mulaudzi	There's no way these people will let you take all the money.

Moses	People are going to lose lives here.

Moses	You know what, my sister,

Moses	you need to trust the training I got.

Moses	You see, I didn't skip the country for nothing.

Moses	No.

Moses	Trust me.

Moses	I'm good. The top dog.

Moses	You have no idea.

Moses	Look.

Moses	Tell me,

Moses	what would you like to eat?

Moses	Steak, chicken or wors?

Moses	How do you want it? Raw like me or…

Moses	half-done, well-done?

Moses	What do you want? It's the best meat.

Moses	You know why? Because it's for free!

Katlego	Half tender...

Female Analyst	So he was an MK operative?

Katlego	Then joined the army in 1994, but was dishonourably discharged.

Katlego	Okay, this isn't going to be easy.

Female Analyst	He's a thug with military training?

Female Analyst	But he's been arrested several times...

Female Analyst	and he was imprisoned for three years for armed robbery.

Female Analyst	He can't be that good at it.

Katlego	That's interesting.

Female Analyst	What?

Female Analyst	It says here he worked at a security firm.

Female Analyst	The same security firm...

Katlego	that used to provide services for Former President Hendrik Zondo.

Katlego	Mm.

Katlego	Mm.

Junior	Okay, okay, okay.

Thabang	You'll pay for this, Thabang.

Thabang	Right after you, your father and Moses,

Thabang	apologise to the community for tricking them…

Thabang	into thinking they're protesting against a corrupt government.

Thabang	Not after they find out the truth that your father, Former President,

Thabang	Hendrik Zondo plans to steal government money and take it to Abu Dhabi!

Thabang	How long have you been planning this?

Junior	How long, man?

Thabang	For months.

Junior	How did you know the President was coming to Soshanguve today?

Thabang	We have our ways.

Thabang	Hey, how did you know?

Junior	How did you know?

Thabang	We had help from inside.

Junior	Where?

Thabang	The President's office and the Union Buildings.

Junior	Speak up! I want a name.

Junior	I don't have the name.

Junior	I'm not involved in that.

Junior	You've changed, Thabang.

Junior	Don't you know

Junior	You're just as corrupt!

Junior	You're corrupt, Thabang.

Junior	It was nice when you were still benefiting.

Thabang	How many millions did you steal?

Junior	I realised it was a mistake. I paid for it.

Junior	How?

Junior	How did you pay for it, Thabang?

Junior	By betraying my father?

Junior	You betrayed my family,

Junior	and the woman who loved you.

Junior	You think I don't know about the affair?

Thabang	I know everything.

Thabang	Shut up!

Thabang	Can you hear me, Katlego?

Thabang	You won't believe who I found in Matseke's shack.

Thabang	Junior Zondo.

Thabang	This whole protest is a setup.

Katlego	Former President, Zondo, is the one behind all this mess.

Katlego	I knew it.

Thabang	I knew something was fishy.

Thabang	Listen, Moses and Zondo are working together.

Katlego	They're behind the ransom.

Thabang	So all the money they're demanding is going to Zondo?

Katlego	They're planning on taking it out of South Africa to overseas.

Katlego	You know, it all makes sense now.

Katlego	Motseke...

Katlego	is providing security for Zondo. That's where the connection is.

Thabang	Katlego, Zondo has people inside government working for him as spies.

Thabang	I'm sure it's people in the cabinet.

Thabang	Please don't tell anyone about this.

Thabang	Take it directly to the Deputy President. to the Deputy President.

Katlego	No third parties, Katlego. Do you hear me? Do you hear me?

Katlego	Yes, I hear you.

Thabang	Where are you now?

Thabang	I'm still in Sosha.

Katlego	I'm not going anywhere until I locate the President.

Katlego	Okay. Look, Thabang. You're doing a great job.

Katlego	The President and I are really grateful.

Thabang	Okay?

Thabang	Thanks.

Thabang	As for you,

Junior	you won't win.

Junior	We've been winning all this time.

Junior	Who will stop us now?

Moses	You?

Moses	This is how things must be done.

Moses	But no...

Moses	the government wants to eat alone forever,

Moses	instead of...

Moses	leaving some crumbs on the table for the poor.

Bridget	No.

Bridget	You're disgusting.

Bridget	You have no respect.

Bridget	Busy terrorising us, instead of your peer, Hendrik.

Moses	You're accusing the President when she's never stolen your money.

Moses	Goodness! You're smart, hey.

Moses	You got yourself a naive spokesperson.

Moses	Hey, sweetie pie.

Moses	Government officials are corrupt.

Moses	They're enjoying money left, right and center!

Moses	I don't care whose side you're on. They're getting rich.

President Mulaudzi	Ask the President where her brother is.

President Mulaudzi	No.

Moses	No, Moses.

Moses	What about her brother?

President Mulaudzi	You didn't know about him?

President Mulaudzi	You know I was never involved in that.

Moses	Ever!

Moses	Let me tell you.

Moses	He got a tender worth R5 million just for consultation,

President Mulaudzi	by some German company pitching for a new plant in South Africa.

President Mulaudzi	And I forced him to pay back the money, the minute I found out!

Moses	You know this!

Moses	If he returned it, why didn't you go to the NPA?

Moses	Did you tell the judge or conduct an inquiry into his corruption activities?

Moses	No. You know why? Because you're filthy like a pig!

Moses	You.

President Mulaudzi	Just like everyone else, you wanted to benefit!

President Mulaudzi	You desperately want to act as if you and I are the same! We're not!

President Mulaudzi	You know what, Moses, in this life,

President Mulaudzi	there are dogs like you and Zondo, and there are some honourable people!

Moses	And you'll never be on our list!

10111 Agent	Hey!

10111 Agent	You've reached Emergency Services.

Bridget	Due to high call volume, we're unable to take your call right now.

Dineo	What?

Gladys	What if Dad doesn't find them, Granny?

Gladys	Your father is a good and brave man.

Dineo	He was trained for this.

Gladys	I'm scared, Granny.

Gladys	We all are, my child.

Gladys	That's what terrorists wantto terrorise people.

Gladys	But your father is on our side.

Gladys	These terrorists won't know what hit them.

Gladys	They'll feel like they're dying.

Gladys	Filthy bastards.

Gladys	You know,

Gladys	I remember when Thabang was only 10 years old.

Gladys	We were staying in this very house.

Gladys	Some thugs broke into our house,

Gladys	went straight to the bedrooms and turned everything upside down.

Gladys	They opened the drawers and threw our stuff out.

Gladys	We didn't know what they wanted.

Gladys	But my son...

Gladys	was eavesdropping from his bedroom.

Gladys	He heard everything,

Gladys	then snuck into the kitchen.

Gladys	Guess what he did?

Gladys	He opened the drawer,

Gladys	took out a knife,

Gladys	crept into the sitting room...

Gladys	and looked the leader straight in the eye and stabbed him…

Gladys	right in the leg.

Gladys	He stabbed him in the leg.

Gladys	Imagine.

Gladys	He was only 10 years old,

Gladys	yet so brave.

Gladys	Guess what I did next?

Gladys	I picked up the phone...

Gladys	and called 10111.

Gladys	And the thugs ran off.

Gladys	Your father is courageous.

Gladys	He's brave.

Gladys	He's a hero.

Gladys	He'll find your mother and the President.

Gladys	He'll bring them home, okay?

Gladys	Don't worry, my girl.

10111 Agent	No, don't cry.

Moses	Emergency Services. What is the nature of your emergency?

Karabo	And then?

Bridget	We need to move them.

Bridget	No.

Bridget	Where are you moving us to?

Bridget	I'm sick of this!

Bridget	Why are you doing this?

President Mulaudzi	Call me names all you want, but you're rubbish, Moses!

Moses	You're holding a whole President hostage in Soshanguve!

Female Analyst	We'll teach you a lesson. You don't know us very well.

Female Analyst	Okay. When was this?

Female Analyst	Can I get that location again, please?

Katlego	Thank you.

Female Analyst	What is it?

Female Analyst	 10111 just got a call from the President.

Female Analyst	- Directly from her? - from a phone.

Female Analyst	It's as if she was trying to...

Female Analyst	communicate her location.

Katlego	All they could hear was what was being said in the background.

Female Analyst	Okay. Do we have that location?

Junior	We have to let Thabang know.

Junior	by letting me go and joining us.

Thabang	I believe a grown man like you...

Thabang	Yes?

Katlego	Where is she?

Katlego	Joe's Shisanyama.

Thabang	Listen, Thabang.

Thabang	You know what, I have to go.

Thabang	Off to the bedroom.

Thabang	Put this on.

Thabang	I promise everything will be fine, my child.

Moses	I promise, my princess. Daddy loves you, okay.

Moses	Ah!

Moses	Mm!

Moses	Did she tell you?

Moses	But hey, she's a great cook.

Moses	I was a front line trooper.

Moses	It's the scars of war.

Moses	Then I came back to South Africa,

Moses	Next thing, they treated us like dogs.

Minister of Police	Clever blacks! Capitalists!

Minister of Police	Katlego, do you have information for me?'

Minister of Police	Do you have new information for me? Yes or no?

Minister of Police	You know the chain of command.

Minister of Police	What for?

Minister of Police	It's just one of my staff members. He's lost his mind.

Deputy President	No. One of my guys on the ground insists on talking to you instead of doing his job.

Katlego	This is the Deputy President.

Deputy President	Sir,

Katlego	You'd better not waste my time, or I'll take your badge.

Katlego	We know who's behind what's going on in Soshanguve.

Katlego	and escape the country to Abu Dhabi.

Katlego	Sir,

Katlego	the information I've just told you is very sensitive.

Katlego	Our informant has told us that there are people in the cabinet…

Katlego	 working for Hendrik.

Katlego	I'm also going to need your number,

Katlego	so I can communicate with you directly.

Junior	Okay, I'll send it through.

Junior	If only my sister could see you right now.

Junior	She really thought you were a powerful man…

Thabang	 who was worthy of her.

Junior	 Shut up.

Thabang	No wonder she didn't tell you about the baby.

Junior	What?

Junior	She's taking him to Abu Dhabi to raise him by herself.

Thabang	She was never going to tell you because…

Thabang	Stop lying!

Deputy President	You'd better shut up. Do you hear me?

Minister of Police	What's the latest?

Minister of Police	Nothing yet.

Deputy President	We were hoping that the phone call would give us something.

Deputy President	Oh.

Deputy President	He's just impatient.

Deputy President	He wants to go in there with rubber bullets and teargas…

Minister of Police	to disperse the crowd.

Deputy President	So why did he tell you that, instead of me?

Minister of Police	He was worried you'd say no.

Deputy President	So are you giving him what he wants?

Minister of Police	I said I'd think about it.

Minister of Police	Oh.

Junior	I see.

Moses	Hey!

Junior	Hello.

Junior	Moses, it's Junior.

Junior	Thabang Ranaka is here in Soshanguve.

Junior	He knows everything.

Junior	He's on the way to the

Moses	Be careful.

Moses	Damn it!

Moses	Dogs!

Moses	There's a mole amongst us.

Moses	His name is Thabang Ranaka.

Moses	Take off your masks!

Moses	That dog is trying to sabotage our efforts.

Moses	All our efforts can't go to waste.

Moses	Never!

Gladys	He must die!

Dineo	I hope it's not those dogs.

Junior	Who is it?

Junior	Don't be scared. I'm a friend of Thabang.

Gladys	He sent me to come and check on you and look after you.

Junior	Who are you? Your name and surname.

Junior	Oh, Granny. My name is Katlego.

Junior	I'm a friend Thabang. We used to work together.

Junior	I'm in charge of the President's security.

Junior	I have good news.

Junior	I was with Thabang. He's at the butchery, as we speak.

Junior	He's on standby to rescue Bridget.

Junior	But before he goes in, he wants me to take you to a safe place,

Junior	before this place is burnt down

Junior	The police are also on their way.

Junior	Because the protestors know he stays here, they'll come.

Junior	I need to take you to a safe place.

Junior	Granny.

Dineo	We have to go, Granny.

Dineo	Maybe it's him.

Gladys	He promised. Open for him.

Gladys	Slowly.

Thabang	Slowly. Okay.

Female Analyst	Ne...

Thabang	Thabang.

Thabang	I'm in Soshanguve, but I can't get into the butchery.

Thabang	Moses has just told all his dogs to remove their masks.

Thabang	There are guards everywhere. 

Thabang	I can't go in.

Female Analyst	I don't know... I also don't have a great look on the site.

Thabang	You need satellite imagery?

Female Analyst	Yes. What do you have?

Female Analyst	North West, there's two guards.

Thabang	North East is clear, but it's a dead end.

Female Analyst	South?

Female Analyst	South West, there's two guards.

Female Analyst	Southeast, there's one.

Thabang	But between the two entrances, there's an alleyway.

Katlego	How many guards are there?

Katlego	There seems to be more dogs coming in.

Katlego	Thabang, look.

Katlego	There's lots of bodies between you and the President right now.

Katlego	What you want to do is dangerous.

Katlego	No, no. I'm not giving up on you.

Katlego	I'm just being cautious and trying to keep you alive.

Thabang	Whatever, man.

Thabang	I appreciate it, but it's important that I go in.

Thabang	It's now or never.

Thabang	See you on the other side.

Katlego	Cheers.

Katlego	Thabang, wait! Thabang!

Katlego	Thabang!

Moses	Damn it!

Moses	Hey, hey!

Moses	Check the coast!

Moses	Check that side!

Moses	Hey, hey, hey!

Moses	Go, go, go!

Moses	Let's go!

Karabo	Come here, you filthy pig!

Karabo	Hey!

Karabo	Hey!

Karabo	Put the gun down.

Karabo	Get up slowly and put your gun down.

Karabo	We're busy fighting for the cause, and you want to ruin our efforts?

Karabo	Who the hell do you think you are?

Karabo	Who the hell do you think you are?

News Anchor	Put the gun down.

News Anchor	Amidst some of the rumours swirling online about her whereabouts

Minister of Finance	President Mulaudzi...

Deputy President	Deputy, the money is here.

Minister of Finance	Oh, okay. That's good.

Minister of Finance	Before we continue,

Minister of Finance	I'd like to mention that I'd be remiss if I don't say that what we're doing…

Minister of Police	sets a terrible precedent from the government.

Minister of Finance	Excuse me.

Deputy President	If we let these criminals get money from us…

Deputy President	Are you rushing...

Minister of Police	Are you rushing somewhere?

Moses	I need to make a phone call.

Moses	Move, move, move!

Moses	Hey, hey, hey!

Moses	Put the gun down.

Bridget	Or I'm knocking her head off.

Moses	Thabang!

Bridget	Put the gun down!

Bridget	Do as he says, Thabang.  

President Mulaudzi	Or I'll knock her head off.

Moses	Come on, Moses. Please.

Thabang	Hey! Stay out of this.

Bridget	Bridge!

Thabang	It's Didi.

Thabang	I think she wants to hear your voice.

Junior	Hello, baby.

Junior	This is Junior Zondo.

Junior	I'm here with Gladys and your daughter, Dineo.

Junior	If you don't stop whatever you're doing,

Bridget	they'll die.

Thabang	Thabang.

Junior	Yes?

Bridget	Hendrik's son...

Bridget	says he has your mother and Dineo. If you don't stop what you're doing, he'll kill them.

