	
	
(THE REPUBLIC 11)

	
	

News Anchor	President Mulaudzi has been assasinated.

Deputy President	Chief Justice, I thought...

President Mulaudzi	Hello, Gatsheni. You thought I were dead?

Minister of Police	Come, come, come.

Thabang	There's no one in the house.

Minister of Police	Damnit! What is it?

Thabang	They're at Church Square.

Katlego	There's a bin on the left of Paul Kruger. Leave the money there.

Mbali	There’s only one person that can accommodate my father there. Victorious Nchabeleng-Mphahlele. She stays in Mooikloof.

Thabang	Katlego, put your damn hands up! I know my family is in his car, and I’m sure it’s parked somewhere around here.

Sbu	Where is Zondo?

Mbali	Help me! Help me!

Sbu	Don't shoot! Our witness is in there!

Bridget	Wow! I still can't believe that the President and the task force...convinced the whole country that you'd assassinated her.

Thabang	It was the only way to flush out the traitor.

Bridget	And now Cassius is dead? No. This country must be shut down.

Thabang	Do you know how I found you? Because of the sign you drew with a lipstick on the floor, my girl.

Bridget	I did. I’m not just the President's spokesperson.

Sindi	My girl, you have no idea how happy I am that you're coming to Abu Dhabi with us. I'm talking to you.

Mbali	I can hear you.

Sindi	Your father is going to get us out of this mess. Don't worry, okay. Everything will be fine. We'll get through this.

Hendrik	Have you found it? 

Junior	Yes. I found it. 

Hendrik	Remove it.

Junior	There we go.

Hendrik	I need to throw all these away, or they'll create tails for me. Mbali! Is it true the President is still alive? Is she still alive? I'm talking to you. Come here! Come here! 

Sindi	No, my dear.

Hendrik	Is it true? Huh? Hey! I'm talking to you! Look at me. Is it true the President is still alive? Huh? Answer me! Can't you hear me talking to you? Is she still alive? Why aren't you answering me? Stop pouting and answer me! Is that what you learnt at school? I paid a fortune for your school so you can get good education! Are you turning on me now? Are you turning on me? 

Mbali	Everyone else is dead! Thabang's mother, your dogs and the Deputy President! But not our President. Thank God for that.

Hendrik	Get inside! 

Mbali	She's pregnant!

Sindi	Stop dragging her, Hendrik!

Hendrik	You're high.

Minister of Police	Thabang. I have some bad news. Hendrik got away, again. And this time he took Mbali with. We don't know where he's gone to.

Sbu	Listen here, I'm not weed, do you hear me? You can't smoke me. Why should I believe you when you're still covering for him?

Victorious	I'm not covering up anything, not when I know nothing.

Sbu	Oh. I think this is going to be a long day. Get comfortable.

Victorious	And my phone call? Can I talk to a lawyer? I know my rights.

Sbu	You love rights too much. Here's what I'll do I'm taking my lunch break. I feel like eating cow head. You can stay here with your meat.

Victorious	Wait! Whoa, wait. I know something.

Sbu	Speak.

Victorious	He needed a plane.

Sbu	A plane? Is that all you got?

Victorious	How could I have asked the details when he had a gun on my head? I was scared.

Policeman	Captain.

Sbu	What?

Policeman	We managed to track the GPS device from the stolen police vehicle. Unfortunately, it's been disconnected.

Sbu	What do you mean? Get me Commander on the line.

Policeman	All right.

President Mulaudzi	Khumalo, tell me you have new information.

Sbu	Unfortunately not, Commander.

President Mulaudzi	What do you mean?

Sbu	Commander, I have two suspects in my interrogation room, as we speak.

President Mulaudzi	Mntungwa, I didn’t ask for the suspect’s location! All I want to know is where Hendrik Zondi is right now!

Sbu	Commander, the only information we have is about the GPS device... which was on the car President Zondo stole. Unfortunately, it's disconnected.

President Mulaudzi	Is this a joke? Are we fooling around now, cracking jokes?

Sbu	I apologise, Commander.

President Mulaudzi	No! You've failed to do a job you're paid to do! How do we trust you when it comes to a simple... You know what, come back to the Union Buildings right now! Straight away!

Minister of Finance	Madam President, I think maybe... we should go live on TV and update the nation. We need to let them know that we're dealing with a serious crisis.

President Mulaudzi	Minister, we're not going to fall into his traps.

Minister of Finance	We are, Madam President. We already are, okay. Zondo knows we're onto him. We need to stop keeping secrets and tell the nation what's going on. At some point, they'll find out that you're alive and that the Deputy's dead. If they find that out any other way, and not from us, they'll never trust us again.

President Mulaudzi	Okay. Minister. 

Minister of Finance	Yes, Madam?

President Mulaudzi	Get Communications to set the media address ASAP.

Minister of Finance	As we speak.

President Mulaudzi	It might help us track his whereabouts. Fellow South Africans. Yes, I'm here. Not a ghost. As you can see, I'm alive and breathing. Today, I...was supposed to be removed from the Presidency. I should've been murdered. pretty sure that theirs is a foolproof plan. We applaud the wonderful job...of our intelligence agencies...that infiltrated this vile plan swiftly.

Bhambatha	Who's in my house? Oh! Is it you, leadership? I didn't see you there. I almost blew your head off.

Hendrik	You wouldn't shoot one of your own.

Bhambatha	Come here! Hello, my sister. 

Sindi	How are you, my brother?

Bhambatha	I'm fine. Hello, children. 

Junior	Hello, sir.

Bhambatha	Come inside.

Hendrik	Park the car the other side.

Bhambatha	Come in.

President Mulaudzi	I now come to you...as your President, humbly asking, not for myself, but for all South Africans...and for this precious democracy...that you help us to bring these criminals to book.

Bhambatha	You know, I've been wondering when you were going to show up. You chose a risky time.

Hendrik	I’m sorry for showing up like this. I didn't mean to. I had nowhere else to go.

President Mulaudzi	...behind all of this chaos.

Bhambatha	You're family. Sit down. Feel free to stay here for as long as you need, brother. If things get out of hand, not to worry, because I have a bunker.

Hendrik	Oh, where is it?

Bhambatha	Underground.

Hendrik	Why do you need a bunker?

Bhambatha	Let's just say it's my insurance for rainy days. When I bought this farm from De Villiers, he'd built a dugout in 1993, scared that South Africa would go into civil war.

President Mulaudzi	I'm alive.

Bhambatha	Anyway, I didn’t see the need to get rid of it.

Hendrik	Uh-huh. And how big is it?

Bhambatha	It's huge. You can actually live in it. Here is some wine.

Hendrik	Oh, thank you.

Bhambatha	You can live in it, like most Afrikaners did...when De Villiers thought there would be a civil war. They lived in there. They stocked up the bunker with a year’s supply of food.

Hendrik	Uh-huh. Maybe I can take you up on that offer and see if we can live there. Just me and my family, until the dust settles.

Bhambatha	Tell me, how bad is it? Is it that bad?

Hendrik	I wouldn't lie, it's really bad. The police are actually on us. I don't want to take that for granted and end up rotting in prison. What? Do you find it funny that I might rot in prison?

Bhambatha	Are you crazy? How can you even suggest that? It's just that...I have an idea. You know what...Oh, it's you?

Moses	Yes.

Bhambatha	Come in.

Moses	Hello, General.

Hendrik	Hi.

Moses	I came as soon as I received your message. You wanted to see me.

Hendrik	Yes.

President Mulaudzi	My all peace, love and forgiveness...help us to smoke him out.

Moses	This dog is resisting death.

Hendrik	When they say cats have nine lives, they're referring to her.

Moses	You, Jezebel, I'll kill you.

Hendrik	That’s why I called you here. To figure that out.

Bhambatha	You came right on time. Come with me, there's something I need to show you. Follow me.

President Mulaudzi	That slippery man of yours got away again. How? 

Sbu	Everything happened so quickly, Commander.

President Mulaudzi	Are you sure that Mbali didn't help engineer this entire escape? I mean, why did she go off with him?

Sbu	I...

Thabang	Not Mbali. She would never do such a thing. Madam President, she didn't know about her father's plans. She saved my life against him and his cronies. Her father took her against her will.

President Mulaudzi	I see. Your plan worked. It's good to see your family again.

Bridget	Thank you, Madam President. I can’t believe you did all of that to save our lives. Who are we, Ma'am?

President Mulaudzi	A lot more important than you know. My child. Come here, my child. I heard that today, you were the bravest young lady in this country. I believe that when you grow up, that seat will be ready for you. Would you like to be the country's President?

Dineo	Thank you.

Sbu	Commander.

President Mulaudzi	Oh, thanks, Mntungwa. We don't really have time for this emotional reunion. We have a criminal to catch and save Mbali, if she's as innocent as your husband says she is.

Bridget	Please excuse us.

Mbali	When did you turn into a cold-blooded murderer?

Junior	I've never provoked anyone who didn’t deserve it.

Mbali	Really? 

Junior	Yes, really.

Mbali	You killed my son’s grandmother and she was innocent, Junior. You know what that makes you? A heartless monster!

Junior	Why do you care? Do you think they care about you? If they did, you wouldn’t be pregnant and alone.

Mbali	You don’t know what you’re talking about.

Junior	Neither do you. You weren't there. You don’t know what happened.

Mbali	She stabbed you, Junior, not killed you! Even if she stabbed you, you deserved it!

Junior	Oh. So going around stabbing people is the right thing to do? Listen, you're my sister. My flesh and blood...

Mbali	I don't care! She was an old woman! Poor and defenceless!

Junior	I'll say this one last time. You weren’t there. You don’t know what happened. You’re just defending that dead old hag because she was your boyfriend's mother. Thabang is a killer, just like me!

Mbali	You’re nothing like Thabang. 

Junior	You're right. I've never committed fraud in my life. 


Mbali	You're lying, Junior!

Junior	You need to calm down. I'm getting tired of you.

Mbali	You're a killer, just like your father!

Sindi	Hey, hey! What rubbish is this?

Junior	Talk to this harlot, Ma. 

Mbali	I hate you with all my heart!

Junior	Go to hell!

Mbali	You're a dog! 

Junior	Get lost!

Thabang	Madam President, maybe we need to focus on Zondo. Put ourselves in his shoes, and think like he would. If I were Zondo, on the run, knowing that I’m cornered, with all my cronies dead, I know exactly where I'd go.

Sbu	General Bhambatha.

President Mulaudzi	No. Didn't that criminal go senile after Madonsela fingered him in a report?

Thabang	Bhambatha? He's perfectly healthy. He acquired a farm through Zondo’s land redistribution program.

President Mulaudzi	Please get on it, Sbu.

Sbu	Commander.

Thabang	Excuse me.

President Mulaudzi	Ranaka.

Thabang	Hello.

President Mulaudzi	Thank you.

Thabang	Thank you.

President Mulaudzi	Victor.

Bhambatha	Follow me. Come to me, my baby. It's okay. It's okay, my baby. It's okay. Open it. You see this, I put together all the materials I had, and this is what came out. Open it. I constructed it with what was left from an atomic bomb. This is all my idea.

Hendrik	So, tell me...does this thing even work? It looks very old.

Bhambatha	I refurbished it for about 12 months. It can cover up to 10 kilometers radius. It goes a long way. It works and it's ready. The only thing it needs is a new battery...and we're good to go.

Moses	Mm. Are you thinking what I am thinking?

Hendrik	I know exactly what you're thinking. This thing races my mind. Well then, I believe we know what to do next.

Bhambatha	Now you're talking.

Bridget	Is everything okay?

Thabang	Yes. We need to talk. There is something I’ve been meaning to tell you. A lot has happened today. A part of me says I shouldn't tell you, but I have to. I’m tired of keeping secrets. So I have to do this right now. Mbali is pregnant.

Bridget	Is it yours?

Thabang	It happened about three months ago, when you and I were going through marriage counselling. I know we were supposed to have been working on our marriage, but...I tripped and went back to her. Bridge, I know I said the affair was over, but it was a lie. It wasn’t. Now, Mbali is carrying my child. Bridget, I don’t want you to think I kept something so huge from you... for such a long time, but I didn't know either. I just found out a few hours ago. I guess Mbali didn't tell me because I betrayed her father... when I testified against him. I know I betrayed your trust. But I just want you to know that... I'm really sorry.

Bridget	Thanks for telling me the truth.

Bhambatha	Put it down. 

Moses	Easy, easy. Great.

Bhambatha	Let's see if it's ready to launch. There we go. Where are we taking it?

Hendrik	You will soon find out.

Mbali	How could you let him disgrace our family like this? I’m ashamed to be called a member of this family.

Sindi	I will not have you speak ill about your father. Not after everything he's done us.

Mbali	What has he done for us? What has he done for us, Ma? He ruined our lives! Look around you. Where the hell are we? In the middle of nowhere!

Sindi	You’re going to forget everything he's done just because of this little mishap?

Mbali	You call this a mishap? I was locked up, Ma, thanks to your precious husband. Now I’m a fugitive.

Sindi	You were locked up, right? Where are you now? Didn't your father protect you from going to jail? You’re the one who chose the enemy over this family! Didn't you? Have you forgotten that? You know the truth. Your father has been the best father in the entire world.

Mbali	Wow, Ma! Have you lost your mind? Are you even listening to yourself? If he was the best father, what was he doing in jail?

Sindi	That has nothing to do with you.

Mbali	Well, it affected me.

Sindi	How did it affect you? You always had your food with gold and silver spoons. You even had bodyguards who drove you to school. You had everything you wanted. Have you forgotten that? Your father is the only one who's deeply affected by this.

Mbali	My life was better than this, Ma. All of this is happening because Dad got arrested.

Sindi	You know what, Mbali, you are so ungrateful.

Mbali	Well, that’s the biggest insult I've ever heard.

Sindi	Tell me, how many of your friends grew up with their fathers? Those whose fathers have abandoned them and are being raised by their mothers. Did your father do that? Your father has been there for you and Junior. He's never abandoned you. You're ungrateful. Is this the thanks your father get?

Mbali	Was he doing me a favour when he looked after his own daughter? Now I must just pretend like I don't see his selfish ways, Ma?

Sindi	You know, my child, I can see that you're about to overstep the mark now. I'll slap you right now and throw you out of that window. Do you hear me? Count your words. I might just forget you're pregnant. Do you hear me?

Sindi	You'll regret it. 

Mbali	I don't care! Slap me, do whatever you want to do to me! I’ve lost my freedom. Why won't you see the truth? Why won't you see the truth? Dad is not doing this for us. He's doing it for himself! It’s all about him! Why can't you see that?

Sindi	I hear all of that, but you also know that... your father is a good man. He's not the monster you paint him to be. Yes, he's made mistakes, just like everyone else. But he's not a monster. You’re wrong about him. You’re wrong, my child.

President Mulaudzi	What's that?

Bridget	It's the media statement of the Deputy President's death. Anything you'd like to change?

President Mulaudzi	No, it's fine. It's just that...I'm wondering...how I can run South Africa with about 58 million people,yet allow a man...feed me lies? A typical man in glasses.

Bridget	I think you’re being too hard on yourself, Ma'am. These things happen to the best of us.

President Mulaudzi	Really? Do you think they happen to us because we’re women? Or because women are always prepared to accept men's lies? No matter how dirty they are, we accept them as gospel.

Bridget	There's something I once read... in a bathroom, a long time ago. It said something like, "men lie the most, but women tell the biggest lies".

President Mulaudzi	Where did you read it? In the toilet? I'm sure it was written by a man. It should stay there.

Bridget	Yeah.

President Mulaudzi	You know what, that's the nicest laugh I've actually managed to have all day. How is your family doing? I know this hasn't been an easy day for all of you. How are Thabang and Dineo? How are they coping?

Bridget	I think we'll be all right.

President Mulaudzi	That's good. You know, Bridget, I think you should forget about the media statement. Your family is much more important right now. Go home...and be with them.

Bridget	Only if you're sure.

President Mulaudzi	Absolutely sure. And if you don't go now, I'll change...

Bridget	I'm out of here. Ma'am. Thank you so much.

Bhambatha	You'll soon find out, boy. There we go. It's ready now. Let's do this, gentlemen.  

Hendrik	Yeah. Son. 

Junior	Dad?

Hendrik	Listen, boy, after all the mess you created today, this is your last chance to rewrite your name in the history books. Am I clear? 

Junior	Yes.

Hendrik	I don't want any mistakes this time.

Junior	Relax, Dad.

Hendrik	I trust you.

Junior	Yes, Dad.

Hendrik	Okay, then. Goodbye.

Junior	Bye.

Moses	General.

Bridget	I'm proud of you, my girl. Today has been rough, but it'll be fine, okay.

Thabang	My girl. Your mom is right. You don’t have to ever think about this day. Everything will be fine.

Dineo	What about the divorce?

Thabang	Bridge... 

Dineo	No.

Thabang	You told her? 

Bridget	Thabang!

Dineo	No, she didn't. I found the divorce papers in the kitchen. So?

Thabang	I know, and I’m proud of how you carried yourself, but I can’t answer you yet. All you need to know is that your mom and I will always love you. Okay?

Bridget	And there won't be any divorce. Do you hear me? Your dad and I will try to fix things. Right?

Dineo	Yes.

Sindi	Oh, no! Oh, Lord! This can't be happening. 

Mbali	There is no other way out, Ma! Let’s just hand ourselves to the police.

Sindi	Oh, Lord! I can't go to jail. I won't survive! Hendrik, do something! I'm not going to jail!

Minister of Police	Turn on the speaker. Zondo! Come out! We know you're in there!

Mbali	If we act smart, they'll shoot us. 

Minister of Police	Enough of your games! Walk out with your hands in the air, or we'll forcefully remove you. 

Hendrik	You shut up! Do you hear me? We're in this mess because of you!

Mbali	Excuse me? 

Hendrik	You sabotaged my first plan. Not this time! Stop panicking, no one is going to jail.

Mbali	You’re going to get us shot, Dad! Aren’t you concerned about our safety?

Hendrik	You think I'm afraid of those dogs? I’m not scared of any of them! All I can tell you is that we’re leaving this country.

Mbali	I hate you!

Minister of Police	Zondo! Zondo!

Junior	Goodness! What the hell is this now?

Moses	No, it's just a roadblock. We'll get right through them.

Junior	What are we going to do?

Moses	Like normal citizens, we'll comply.

Junior	How, Bra'Moss? You know they are looking for us...and we're carrying a bomb!

Moses	We'll get what we want, or else...all hell will break loose.

Police officer	Hello.

Moses	Hey, chief! Is everything okay, sir?

Police officer	Of course. Can I see your license?

Moses	my license? 

Police officer	Yes. Down on the floor!

Moses	Bastard!

Minister of Police	Yes, Madam President. We need your go-ahead. We've located Zondo  on the farm outside town. The police vehicle which was stolen is parked in the yard. We know for sure he's in there. We have the building and the farm completely surrounded. He refuses to come out peacefully, so we’re going to have to use force.

President Mulaudzi	Minister, please make sure you have enough personnel. We can't afford to lose him again.

Minister of Police	Yes, I have the Special Task Force team. We can extract him right now, but I can't promise no lives will be lost. We need your go-ahead, Ma'am.

President Mulaudzi	I'll get back to you.

Sbu	It's Zondo.

President Mulaudzi	Is this Cassius' phone?

Sbu	Yes, Ma'am.

President Mulaudzi	This is President Mulaudzi.

Hendrik	My President, and the rest of the cabinet listening in. Comrades, I greet you all.

President Mulaudzi	Just cut the dramatics, man! Your time is up. You have nowhere else to hide. As it is, you’re surrounded. It's over, Zondo. If I were you, I'd walk out of there peacefully, instead of resisting.

Hendrik	I’m sorry to disappoint you, Lufuno. I can call you Lufuno, right? I mean, you and I have a history. I'm getting ready, as we speak. My family and I are about to board a plane to Abu Dhabi. We’re going to live in a luxurious house I built with the money I worked hard for.

President Mulaudzi	Comrade Zondo, you're not going anywhere! You're not leaving!

Hendrik	How do you plan to stop me?

President Mulaudzi	If you believed what you're telling me, you wouldn't be calling me or running around like a lizard that's lost its tail.

Hendrik	Oh. That’s rich coming from the President. You're failing at one thing to catch an individual within just one province. Do you see how difficult it is to lead?

President Mulaudzi	Comrade, if you really believed that, you'd be calling me from that so-called Abu Dhabi of yours. Why are you still on the phone with me? What do you need? A favour? How can I help you? Should I lend you the Inkwazi jet?

Hendrik	Listen here, your priority right now should be deploying the bomb squad... to go and find a bomb. I don't mind detonating it from where I am right now. But just so you know, so many lives will be lost.

President Mulaudzi	Comrade Zondo, what are you talking about now?

Hendrik	Do you want to be remembered as the President who got people killed? Is that what you want?

President Mulaudzi	You're lying. You’re lying, Zondo! There is no bomb! There's no bomb! You're just trying to distract me, so I don't come for you! But I'm coming. I'll catch you and make you pay for everything!

Hendrik	Aha! Listen, don't you dare try and enter this building! Or I'll detonate this bomb and blow the whole city up! Do you hear me? Hold on.

President Mulaudzi	You're lying! There's no bomb, Zondo! There's no bomb! And you know what, I'm coming for you! I'll drag you with my own hands! I will get you, Hendrik Zondo! I will get you!

Hendrik	Listen, if you have data, check if you've received a picture on your phone. As soon as you get back to your senses, call me.

President Mulaudzi	What am I looking at? Is it real?

Minister of Finance	It is.

President Mulaudzi	Follow me to my office. Minister, I need a full report. Don’t leave anything out. Is this real?

Minister of Finance	It is, Madam President.

President Mulaudzi	Why am I the last person to know about this? There's a nuclear bomb in the hands of ordinary citizens, and you didn't tell me?

Minister of Finance	It’s one of the things that were never disclosed at CODESA.

President Mulaudzi	Still, it doesn't make it right. The executive should have been informed! Measures should've been taken to retrieve it back! He was right. He fooled me. What do we do now? It’s him. Yes?

Hendrik	Hello, girl. What's your office saying? Did they tell you it's real?

President Mulaudzi	Do you know how heartless you are? No, you don't have a heart. You have a dark heart of steel. You're not even a witch! You're the hyena itself!

Hendrik	You can insult me all you like, but you know the truth. Listen, I don't have time for games. Here's what will happen from now on I want a helicopter to transport me to the airport, where I'll find a private jet that will fly me out of the country. Am I clear? Oh, does the offer for Inkwazi jet still stands?

President Mulaudzi	Zondo, you're really crazy. You know very well that you can't have the Presidential plane. Who are you?

Hendrik	Oh, what do you mean? You're so ungrateful, after everything I've done for you? I'm telling you I have a bomb. I'm telling you what will happen, and the danger of all of this, and this is the thanks I get?

President Mulaudzi	There's no fair play in this. You chose to be the bad guy, there's no fair play with you! And I'm not going to give in to any of your demands.

Hendrik	Hey, woman! You owe me!

President Mulaudzi	I owe you nothing, Hendrik Zondo. I owe you absolutely nothing! And I'm not going to give in to any of your demands.

Hendrik	Hey! Don't talk to me as if we sleep together, you hear me? If you dare try to enter this building, I'll detonate this bomb and people will die! You hear me? I want my demands!

President Mulaudzi	You're going to need to give me time.

Hendrik	I hear you, but remember, you have only three hours. I must be in the air in the next two hours.

President Mulaudzi	If that's the case, why don't you give the location of the bomb, so we can diffuse it?

Hendrik	Hey, don't talk to me as if I'm a fool. You hear me? Once my family and I are safe, then I'll keep my end of the deal.

President Mulaudzi	How could you be so evil, Hendrik? Please! People could die! Real lives!

Hendrik	Hey, hey! Those terms are non-negotiable. Am I clear?

Minister of Police	Madam President, we’re ready to go in.

President Mulaudzi	Minister, please stand down.

Minister of Police	What? We’re already here. We can do this, Ma’am.

President Mulaudzi	You heard me, Minister. I said, stand down. No one should try to enter that property. Okay? 

Minister of Police	Why?

President Mulaudzi	I don't have time to explain. Just do as I say, okay. Await my instructions further on this. Our next step is to figure out what we do next. All we know is that there is a deadly bomb, but we don’t have its location. We can only know that if we give in to that lunatic, Hendrik's demands. You do know that all this mess could've been avoided, right?

Minister of Finance	I take full responsibility for not informing you, Madam President.

President Mulaudzi	Minister, when you sweep things under the carpet, they have a way of blowing up, humiliate you in public, and get you into trouble in the most dangerous and inconvenient times!

Minister of Finance	I humbly apologise, President. It will not happen again.

Thabang	Madam President, I may be wrong, but I don't think all is lost. The current roadblocks all over the province can be of great help. Those transporting  the bomb will be stopped...before reaching their destination.

President Mulaudzi	That’s if those dogs don’t use backyard routes.

Sbu	Madam President, bad news. One of our roadblocks have been ambushed, and all the police officers  have been killed execution-style.

President Mulaudzi	Did they see anything?

Sbu	A white van, no number plate. Suspects resemble Zondo's son and his sidekick Moses.

President Mulaudzi	Of course. They're transporting the bomb. Do you have any information on the roadblock's location?

Sbu	Commander, this is all we have.

Thabang	This is the R80 road. This is a transfer. It's in Soshanguve.

Bridget	They're taking the bomb home.

Moses	My hometown! Sosha! Hey! 

Junior	Soshanguve.


