Voice Over	All units, all units, this is Sierra Whiskey 4.5 Stand by unless urgent. Any patrols able to assist with back up at Kenning Farm. Attempting to clear private property, experiencing resistance. Repeat, requesting back up at Kenning Farm. Over.

Police Officer	Get up. Get up. Move. Move it. Move.

Police Officer	Get up, get up.

Police Officer	Get up, move, move. Get up. (Car door opens and then slams)

Sergeant Lawson	You, get them out of here. You, get him cuffed.

Police Officer	We need another unit.

Sergeant Lawson	Sergeant Lawson to Control. We need more units.


Homeless Man	(Heavy breathing) (Footsteps)

Homeless Man	(Heavy breathing and sniffing) (Footsteps)

Sergeant Lawson	(Heavy breathing) 

Sergeant Lawson	Screams. (Heavy breathing and eating noises) (Footsteps running)

Homeless Man	(Heavy breathing and sniffing) 

Homeless Girl	(Gasps) (Loud sirens)

Police Officer	Hands up.

Homeless Man	It wasn’t me, it wasn’t me (sobbing). Something in the shadows. (Music and opening credits)

Brad	Well this looks straightforward enough.

Caitlin	Yeah, burst down the door, kick out squatters, secure the property. The life of a bailiff.

Brad	Anything’s better than the last job.

Caitlin	Facing armed insurgents with suicide vests? Yeah. Now we get to scare pothead teenagers.

Brad	Easy life.

Caitlin	We earned it soldier. Come on.

Drug Dealer	So, as agreed first case. If happy, let’s make this a regular agreement. There’s plenty more where that came from.

Drug Lord	You can guarantee me how many kilos? Unlimited. My boys down the docks have got final sign off on the containers. We good? 

Drug Lord	We very good.

Caitlin	This is private property.

Brad	This is your eviction notice lads. You called the police?

Drug Lord	No, did you?

Brad	We’re not police. We’re bailiffs.

Drug Lord	You told me this place is clean.

Drug Dealer	Usually is. 

Drug Dealer	Look, I’ve got an idea. Why don’t you just turn around and pretend none of this ever happened?

Brad	Sorry lads can’t let you do that. Then you leave us no choice.

Caitlin	(Grunts) (Fighting sounds)

Caitlin	(Grunts) (High pitched noise)

Caitlin	(Moaning)

Caitlin	(Groaning) (High pitched noise) (Fighting noises) 

Brad	Caitlin, Caitlin, Caitlin. Stop. Stop. 

Caitlin	(Sighs) (Bed clothes rustling) 

Caitlin	(Grunting, heavy breathing)

Brad	Hey. Sorry, the er door was open. Latte? (Footsteps)

Caitlin	Thanks. (Breathing heavily)

Brad	I’m worried about you.

Caitlin	Don’t be.

Brad	Come on Caitlin. Don’t give me that tough soldier act, I saw you yesterday. It all still bothers you doesn’t it?

Caitlin	What is it you want me to say?

Brad	Look, you’ve always had my back. I’m just saying I got yours.

Caitlin	This thing is going to follow me wherever I go. Running away isn’t going to help.

Brad	True. Problem is Caitlin, in this job, we’re literally every day we.

Caitlin	Yeah, and that’s the life we know. (Breathing heavily)

Brad	Caitlin.

Caitlin	(Sighs) Look knowing you’ve got my back, is all I need right now.

Brad	Come on. (Footsteps).

Brad	Go and get your gear on.

Caitlin	(sighs) 

Ollie	Oh (laughs), here we are look, a couple of bad asses.

Michael	Yeah, the police said you guys pulverised those assholes.

Brad	Yeah, yeah, leave it out lads.

Ollie	No chance. So let me get this straight you two. You stumble across a drug den and instead of calling the police you take out the fucks yourselves?

Michael	Now that’s mad shit.

Caitlin	Nothing to be proud of.

Ollie	Well like fuck it isn’t. (Footsteps)

Rebecca	Boss wants to see you two. Now.

Jameson	Thank you, Rebecca.

Jameson	So, traditionally, we let the police handle any violent or illegal situations.

Brad	Well, it’s not like we had a choice. It was self-defence.

Caitlin	They attacked us and we took care of the situation.

Jameson	So I guess I’m lucky that you two are ex-army, otherwise I’d be looking for two new bailiffs.

Caitlin	Sorry. Look it won’t happen again.

Jameson	Another job for you two, if you’re up for it.

Brad	Not really.

Caitlin	Absolutely.

Jameson	Don’t worry, this one will be far less exciting. Some local brat has inherited his father’s old farm.

Brad	What are we evicting? Sheep?

Jameson	No livestock, just vagrants.

Caitlin	Vagrants?

Jameson	Yes. The previous owner allowed the homeless onto his land. The new owner is only interested in selling the property. So it needs to be cleared as soon as possible.

Caitlin	Great. So we’re kicking out homeless people from their homes?

Brad	(Laughs) Nice job.

Jameson	No the police have already cleared the property. You're going in to clean up and secure the old farmhouse.

Caitlin	OK, sounds simple.

Jameson	Definitely more simple than the last job.

Brad	Well there’s something.

Jameson	Well Rebecca will explain the rest of the details to you.

Jameson	(Sighs) (Background music and birds singing)

Ollie	Hey boss, be honest with me. How many bad guys did you kill in the army?

Brad	Shut up, Ol.

Michael	Caitlin totally killed way more than Brad did.

Ollie	Oh my god yes, she’s a lean, mean killing machine.

Brad	Oliver, enough. Why on earth did we have to bring these two Caitlin?

Caitlin	OK, we’re nearly there. Straight ahead. 

Voices chanting	Pizza and hugs, not police thugs. Pizza and thugs, not police thugs

Rebecca	Morning everyone.

Caitlin	Morning, Rebecca. So what’s the plan?

Rebecca	OK. Well first things first. Jameson sent us over three extra hands to help us out on this one.

Brad	Is there a problem? I thought this was a straight enough job.

Rebecca	Didn’t she tell you? Our client is coming to watch over things today.

Brad	Watch over things? Nice.

Rebecca	He just wants to sell the land.

Ollie	Yeah, sounds good to me. It’s fresh meat.

Michael	(Laughs) But, no work for us. A good manager always delegates.

Brad	(Laughs) Great. Maybe you two could go and pester somebody else today?

Rebecca	Guys.

Caitlin	(Sighs) Hey guys, welcome to the team. Caitlin. (Footsteps)

Tony	Tony.

Caitlin	Tony.

Lawrence	Lawrence.

Caitlin	Lawrence.

Jen	Jen.

Caitlin	Jen. If you guys have any questions, just let me know.

Jen	Thanks.

Caitlin	So the homeless were living here?

Rebecca	Yeah, pretty much the entire land.

Caitlin	I’m amazed the council allowed it, it’s not very sanitary.

Rebecca	Well, to be honest with you, I don’t think that they were fully aware of just how many people were living here. This land is pretty far off the beaten path.

Rebecca	Now it’s down to the new owner.

Voices chanting	Leave us alone. Leave us alone. Leave us alone.

Kenning	Fucking protesters. Go fucking protest on someone else’s land. Fucking do-gooders. Mind their own fucking business.

Rebecca	Hi, Mr Kenning, I’m Rebecca. Erm, everyone, this is Mr Richard Kenning. He recently inherited this land off his father.

Brad	Sorry for your loss.

Kenning	Don’t be. Dad was a prick. The sooner I can offload this shithole and make some money, the better.

Brad	You won’t be following your father’s footsteps?

Kenning	I’ll help the homeless when I’m no longer in need of help myself thank you very much.

Rebecca	Er, Mr Kenning, we’re here to help you clear the property.

Kenning	Council won’t let me sell it until I do.

Rebecca	Erm, this is Caitlin and Brad. They’re our top team. And I’m here if you have any questions.

Kenning	Why are the pigs here?

Rebecca	Well it’s just standard procedure. You know, it speeds things up paperwork wise.

Kenning	Fine. So you’re in charge then? What now? I’m paying a fortune for you lot.

Caitlin	So our signage team will make a start at the entrance and then we’ll just work our way through the house. Michael if you want to take erm Tony and Jen, start at the front of the property with the signs, make sure all the entrances are secure (sighs). Don’t engage with the protesters.

Michael	All right, come on, signage team. One of you get the toolbox, other get the posts and follow me.

Caitlin	Ollie, do you want to take Lawrence and start unloading the van?

Brad	Quick as you can, Ol.

Ollie	Yes, sir.

Caitlin	Let’s make a start in the house. (Footsteps)

Caitlin	What a dick. (Footsteps and wood being moved)

Brad	Great. What a shithole. (Footsteps)

Caitlin	We’ll try and make this as quick as possible.

PC Williams	Thanks, we’ll be glad to get out of here, especially with him around.

Caitlin	What, Mr Kenning?

PC Williams	(Laughs)

Caitlin	Why, do you know him?

PC Gray	Yeah, he’s very well-known to us. Bit of a spiky character.

Brad	Fab. There’s always something, isn’t there?

PC Williams	I can’t believe this is where Lawson died.

PC Gray	Ugh, I’ll be glad to get out of here as soon as possible.

PC Williams	Why what’s up?

PC Gray	It’s DI Evans, he wants me to wrap up these missing people’s reports.

PC Williams	Hmm, sounds fun.

PC Gray	Yeah.

PC Williams	(Laughs) 

Caitlin	(Sighs) Cosy.

Brad	Yeah, the glamorous life of the bailiff.

PC Gray	They delivered your boards earlier. (Footsteps)

Caitlin	Great. (Box being put down)

Caitlin	So how many rooms do we have?

PC Gray	Erm, six I think.

Caitlin	OK, guys, look like we need safety gear for this one.

Lawrence	Safety gear?

Ollie	Yeah, this place likely has broken glass everywhere.

Brad	Well, I don’t always agree with you but this time you’re right, Oliver. Everybody tread carefully.

Ollie	Told you.

Rebecca	It’s probably safer if we stay outside.

Kenning	This is my house.

Rebecca	Of course.

Kenning	Don’t I know you from somewhere?

PC Williams	Possibly, sir.

Caitlin	Er, Brad, if you could take PC Williams and Lawrence and do a reccy down here, make sure there’s no squatters or anything we need to deal with.

Brad	Just me and you. Great.

Ollie	Hey, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, you love me really, bro.

Brad	Bro, really, I don’t.

Caitlin	Ollie, if you, PC Gray and I take upstairs?

PC Gray	It looks clear so far.

Ollie	He must have had one massive porn collection.

Caitlin	(Sighs)

PC Gray	Sorry.

Caitlin	Sorry.

PC Gray	Yeah, I was just saying, looks like we’re good, right?

Caitlin	(Ragged breathing) I’m sure I saw something. (Footsteps)

Ollie	Everything OK?

Brad	Ol, how we doing up there?

Ollie	Yeah, yeah, we’re all clear. (Footsteps)

Rebecca	Hurry up, Ollie. (Footsteps)

Kenning	Come on, Dad, give me a sign. Investments, offshore savings, anything?

Brad	Do you miss your old man?

Kenning	(Sighs) I told ya, dad was a prick. He never let anyone come here. He said his work was too important.

Brad	Maybe helping the homeless really meant something to him.

Kenning	You didn’t know him. He didn’t care about anyone. He didn’t care when mum died, he kicked me out of the house when I was . I literally never saw him again. Prick.

Brad	Right. Erm, (clears throat). I’m done here. (Floorboards creaking)

Kenning	Come on dad, what was so fucking important?

Brad	Look, erm, Mr Kennings, my dad wasn’t a good one. He left when I was young and that forced me into the army as a teenager. It was the best thing that ever happened to me. (Deep breath) What I’m saying is, maybe we don’t need our dads, or maybe your dad loved you in his own special way.

Kenning	Loved me? He once beat me unconscious because I spoke before being spoken to.

Brad	Fine. So maybe your dad was a prick. Right, I’m done here. I’ll meet you downstairs.

Michael	Ooh, ah, us black guys hate the cold. (Sniffs) (Shivers) Next time that fucking Ollie is getting outdoor duties.

Jen	(Sighs) So we er we nearly done then?

Tony	Yeah. I can’t feel my fingers.

Michael	Er (sighs) Looks like we’ve got more entrance to mark.

Jen	(Sighs)

Michael	Tell you what, a tea break, yeah?

Jen	Ah, you read my mind. Nice one.

Jen	(Sighs) We’re still warm gu 

Jen	Guys? Look stop fucking about, this ain’t funny. It’s scary enough out here as it is. Oh, guys, look guys, I 

Jen	What the fuck? Shit.  

Caitlin	(Sighs) OK, guys, we’re set upstairs, how are we doing down here?

Brad	Yeah, I think we’re just about done.

PC Gray	Yep, we’re happy.

Ollie	Thank God, I’m sick of this place. It’s a shithole.

Rebecca	Great (sniffs). Where’s Kenning?

Caitlin	Mr Kenning? (Footsteps)

Caitlin	Are you ready?

Kenning	Just about. 

Jen	Michael. Tony.

Brad	What’s wrong?

Jen	I found Michael’s phone, but he’s just gone. He’s just gone. He’s just disappeared.

Brad	Vanished? Playing silly buggers more like.

Brad	(Banging on door) Michael? Michael?

PC Gray	Enough boys. You've really scared this girl.

Jen	Breathing heavily.

Caitlin	It’s not like Michael to do something like this.

Brad	Well then Ollie, you’re no longer my least favourite.

Ollie	Yeah, well even I admit this isn’t funny.

Brad	Ah enough of this. Ollie, help me get the boards off the window. 

Ollie	Ugh, ugh, (screams) (Oliver falls to floor)

Ollie	(Screaming)

Brad	Right, I need a light on here and a medi-pack now.

Ollie	(Grunting and groaning)

Caitlin	Just breathe, Ollie.

Ollie	(Moaning)

Caitlin	Deep breaths. Deep breaths.

Oliver	(Moaning) fuck.

Caitlin	Deep breaths, that’s it.

Ollie	(Moaning)

Caitlin	Deep breaths, Ollie.

Caitlin	It’s Michael.

Lawrence	Yeah, what the hell’s happened to Tony?

Ollie	The fucking man who killed Michael.

Brad	Shut up Ol, it’s obviously more than one person. Sit up, sit up.

PC Williams	This is Officer , do you copy?

PC Gray	 calling in. Nothing. Nothing.

Rebecca	We had signal before.

Caitlin	There’s something blocking us.

PC Williams	The body came from upstairs. Gray.

PC Gray	Yep.

PC Gray	Everyone else, just stay here.

Ollie	What the fuck are you doing? Stay ow, fuck it 

Brad	Come on you, up on your feet. Rebecca help me.

Rebecca	(Deep breathing)

Brad	Rebecca.

Caitlin	I’m going to see about getting some lights working here. Jen, Lawrence, grab a torch, I need you to help me, OK?

Caitlin	Come this way. 

PC Williams	This is the police. Put your weapons down and come out with your hands up.

Male	(Growling)

PC Williams	Stop.

Police. Male	(Growling)

PC Gray	Where did he go?

PC Williams	No idea.

Caitlin	Oh, found it. 

Jen	Oh I think I’ve got a signal

Caitlin	Guys?

Lawrence	(Coughing and groaning)

Caitlin	Are you OK?

Lawrence	The floor, it just went out from under us (heavy breathing). Jen doesn’t look too good.

Caitlin	I’m going to get down to you. (Footsteps)

Brad	What the fuck?

Caitlin	This house is falling apart. Jen and Lawrence are down there, I need to get down to them.

Brad	No way, there’s no guarantees we can get you back up.

Caitlin	Jen needs medical assistance.

PC Williams	We found someone upstairs.

Caitlin	I knew it.

PC Williams	But we lost them (heavy breathing).

PC Gray	There’s a hidden doorway.

Caitlin	Leading where?

PC Gray	We don’t know. All we could see was steps leading down to darkness. It’s probably our best chance of getting out of here.

Lawrence	It looks like we’re in a tunnel. I can see some light in the distance.

Caitlin	We need to split up.

Brad	Caitlin no, that’s crazy.

Caitlin	Potentially there’s two ways of getting out of here. This tunnel or their secret doorway. Let’s increase our chances of getting out of here and getting help by splitting.

PC Williams	She’s right.

Caitlin	We’ll divide by skillset. PC Gray come with me,

PC Williams	stay with Brad.

Brad	I hope you’re right about this.

Caitlin	Trust me. 

PC Gray	(Moans)

Caitlin	(Sigh) Go and find the others. We need to get out of here.

Brad	Good luck.

Caitlin	(Grunt and sigh). How is she?

PC Gray	Not good. She’s barely breathing. There’s some reaction to stimulus, but she’s mostly out of it.

Caitlin	Looks like broken bones, possibly internal bleeding.

PC Gray	What can we do?

Caitlin	We have to leave her.

PC Gray	Alone?

Lawrence	I’ll stay with her.

Caitlin	Are you sure? (Distant scream)

Lawrence	Yep, pretty sure I’m happy not finding out what that is.

Caitlin	Just don’t do anything to bring attention to you and Jen. Keep your torch off and stay quiet. Do you understand?

PC Gray	If she starts to show signs of consciousness, just talk to her. Try to keep her calm, but keep her awake.

Lawrence	OK.

Caitlin	Let’s keep her comfy.

PC Gray	Yeah.

Caitlin	Ready?

PC Gray	Yep.

Lawrence	I’ve got a signal. I’ve got a signal. I’ve got a signal.

Lawrence	My battery. What the but I had a signal.

Caitlin	It must be this spot.

PC Gray	No signal for me.

Lawrence	But I had a signal. I I I promise.

PC Gray	Where’s Jen’s phone?

PC Gray	Smashed. Probably in the fall.

Caitlin	Looks like mine’s the only one with any juice left. The reception’s not going to get any better down there. Here, just check it periodically for a signal. Don’t waste the battery by checking every five seconds and if you do get a signal just call , nothing else, do you understand?

Lawrence	Yeah.

Brad	What kind of a house has a secret staircase?

PC Williams	God.

Brad	(Sighs)

Ollie	A fucked up one.

Rebecca	Thanks for that, Ollie.

Ollie	What the fuck is that supposed to mean?

Brad	It means shut the fuck up Ollie.

Ollie	Fuck off.

PC Williams	It’s obviously illegal, whatever it is. Why else make it a secret?

Kenning	Sometimes pigs just need to keep their noses out of other people’s business.

Brad	It’s a tunnel.

Rebecca	I guess we have no choice but to keep going.

Brad	I guess.

Ollie	(Grunts)

Rebecca	What the fuck was that?

Brad	I don’t like the sound of that.

Rebecca	What do you think it was?

Ollie	What? Do you think that’s what killed Michael?

PC Williams	Maybe that young lad’s still alive down here.

Ollie	What Tony?

Brad	Ah, for his sake I hope not.

Kenning	What were you up to down here, dad? 

Caitlin	(Heavy breathing)

PC Gray	Are these bones?

Caitlin	Not just any bone. Human bone. 

PC Gray	Where are we?

Caitlin	Hell. 

Brad	Shit.

Ollie	Well come on steroids pick a tunnel. There’s literally two options.

Rebecca	Well which option would you take?

Ollie	Well (heaving breathing), that one. Or maybe that one? 

Rebecca	Oh.

Kenning	Let’s just split up.

Brad	Absolutely under no circumstances are we splitting up.

Kenning	What’s the matter? Are you scared?

Brad	No, Mr Kenning. It’s because we stand a better chance of survival if we stay as one unit.

Kenning	Well if you can’t decide which path we’re going to take, I think we need some proper fucking leadership.

Rebecca	(Laughs) You?

Kenning	What’s the matter? Don’t like a strong man?

PC Williams	Knock it off, Kenning.

Kenning	Well I say we take the right. Who’s with me?

Ollie	Left, definitely left. 

Rebecca	Suits me.

Brad	Yeah.

Kenning	Cowards. 

Ollie	Right, this thing is fucking useless. I’m taking it off

Kenning	Take that fucking jacket off. Giving us all away. You look like a fucking traffic cone.

Caitlin	Did you hear that?

PC Gray	Yeah.

PC Gray	What is it?

Caitlin	Go.

Caitlin	Where’d she come from?

Brad	Everybody be really careful. No loud noises, no sudden movements.

Brad	Let’s push on. 

Kenning	Take as long as you want, Pig. (Bang and whispering)

Rebecca	What was that?

Kenning	Williams.

Brad	Where is he?

Ollie	Where the fuck did he go?

Kenning	I don’t know. One minute he’s here, next he’s not.

Rebecca	OK there’s something very bad down there.

Ollie	Where the fuck are you seriously leaving us? 

Kenning	Some leader.

Rebecca	Oi, wouldn’t you want him to run after you if you were the one they took?

Kenning	I say we keep moving. We’re sitting ducks here.

Ollie	Oh shut up, Brad wouldn’t leave us.

Rebecca	(Clears throat) Erm, I think Richard’s right on this one.

Ollie	No, no, you were right before. Brad wouldn’t abandon us.

Kenning	Unless he’s dead. First the pig, then the idiotic hulk. Who’s next? We’re sitting round here, waiting to get took like them? I’m going.

Ollie	I’d rather follow and idiotic hulk than a spoilt prick.

Kenning	For fuck sake.

Ollie	Brad.

Rebecca	Did you find Williams?

Brad	No. But I did find something else. 

Caitlin	She must have been down here for weeks, months even.

PC Gray	Yeah well, she looks very healthy considering. Are you OK?

Caitlin	Someone must have been looking after her.

PC Gray	Where’s your mummy and daddy? 

Caitlin	I think she wants to show us. 

Caitlin	(Sighs) Why do I have a bad feeling about this? 

Brad	Some sort of a lab.

Rebecca	Was this your father’s?

Ollie	If it is, your dad was doing some weird shit.

Rebecca	Guys. What is this?

Kenning	Give me that. 

Kenning	If this belonged to me dad, it’s mine now.

Brad	Just be careful, Mr Kenning, OK, we don’t know what any of this stuff is.

Kenning	Anything good we find down here is mine. Do you hear me? This is my property. 

Brad	Shh.

Maya	Stay back.

Brad	Ooh, whoa.

Maya	Stay back.

Ollie	Right, grab the 

Kenning	Just punch her in the fucking face.

Brad	Shut up Kenning.

Rebecca	Seriously.

Maya	You’re Dr Kenning’s son?

Oliver	Well who the hell are you?

Maya	My name is Maya. I worked with Dr Kenning. And that vial is some of his last work.

Kenning	In other words, it’s mine, so keep your fucking hands off it. 

Rebecca	What is it?

Maya	It’s hard to explain.

Brad	Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. You said you worked with Kenning’s old man? What’s going on? Some of our group have been killed. What is going on down here?

Maya	Things are getting worse down here. (Distant groaning)

Maya	We need to go now. If any of you guys came down here tracked, it’s not safe anymore, we need to go now.

Rebecca	You know a way out of here?

Maya	Yes.

Rebecca	Come on let’s go. 

Caitlin	Hello? We found your daughter. 

Caitlin	Hello? 

Caitlin	(Grunts)

PC Gray	(Grunting)

PC Gray	Little bitch stabbed me.

Caitlin	We need to stop the bleeding.

PC Gray	(Moans in pain) What are these things?

Caitlin	I’ve no idea

PC Gray	Caitlin. Are we going to survive this? 

Brad	How much further?

Maya	There’s a long way to go yet.

Kenning	Tell me about me dad.

Maya	He dedicated his life to develop a serum that creates better humans.

Brad	Better humans?

Kenning	She means this.

Rebecca	You’re seriously not thinking about drinking that, are you?

Kenning	What’s it to you? This is my dad’s gift to me.

Ollie	Oh, his gift to you?

Kenning	I know he would have wanted me to have it.

Ollie	Oh I can understand that. I’ve only known you a couple of hours, but I’d gladly let you take it.

Rebecca	Did the serum work?

Maya	Oh yeah. Your father was a genius. He was destined for great things, but one of his creations killed him.

Rebecca	His creations? (Distant growling and whispering)

Brad	That’s one of the creations?

Maya	His experiments were successful in unforeseen ways.

Brad	That sounds very diplomatic. What exactly does this serum do?

Maya	Heightened reactions, heightened strength, but low intelligence.

Ollie	Wait, wait, where did they come from?

Maya	To perfect the serum Mr Kenning needed test subjects. 

Maya	Hey, hey, hey, calm down.

Male	Why am I here? Why am I strapped in? Please don’t do this. No. No.

Rebecca	Test subjects? (Exhales) You mean the homeless?

Kenning	Of course, that’s why he had all this scum on his land.

Rebecca	He was experimenting on them.

Kenning	It’s genius. Take worthless lives and make them meaningful.

Rebecca	Worthless to whom?

Maya	Everyone stop and be quiet. 

Brad	Everyone down. Sshhh. (Footsteps, growling)

Brad	Where’s Rebecca?

Ollie	Dunno, she was here a minute ago.

Brad	Oh. Rebecca.

Ollie	Brad, stay down, bro. (Growling)

Rebecca	(Moaning in pain)

Brad	Rebecca.

Brad	Rebecca.

Rebecca	(Screams)

Brad	No. No, no, no, no. (Fighting sounds and growling)

Kenning	Hey, get back.

Ollie	What the fuck are you –

Brad	Ollie, he’s a big fucker, give me help.

Ollie	(Grunts)

Brad	(Grunting)

Brad	Rebecca. Rebecca. Breathe, breathe. Ollie, I need something to stop the bleeding.

Rebecca	Wait, where are they? (Gurgling) Don’t trust them. (Gasping, crying)

Brad	Just –

Rebecca	(Gasping and gurgling) They’re evil.

Brad	We’ve got to get her somewhere to safety. Come on. (Shouts and grunts)

Lawrence	Hello?

Jen	Lawrence?

Lawrence	(Heavy breathing) Jen, you scared the crap out of me.

Jen	What’s going on?

Lawrence	It’s OK. Don’t worry. Caitlin and everyone will be back soon.

Jen	Back? From where? Where am I?

Lawrence	We fell down.

Jen	(Heavy breathing) Where am I?

Lawrence	We were in the basement and we fell through the floor into this tunnel underground. Caitlin and Officer Grey have gone on to try and get some help.

Jen	(Moaning and crying)

Lawrence	How how are you feeling?

Jen	(Moaning) My legs. I can’t feel ‘em. (Moaning) (Distant growling)

Lawrence	They’ll be back with some help soon. (Louder growling)

Jen	You can hold my hand if you’re scared.

Lawrence	(Heavy breathing) I’m not scared. (Banging)

Jen	What was that? (Growling)

Lawrence	I have no idea.

Jen	(Heavy breathing) Lawrence?

Lawrence	Yeah?

Jen	Don’t let go of my hand.

Lawrence	Yeah, yeah, OK.

Jen	(Crying) Promise me.

Lawrence	Yeah, yeah, I promise.

Jen	(Crying and moaning) (Growling)

Kenning	Hey, hey, did you see how fast that thing was? They didn’t even see it coming.

Maya	Yeah, your father’s serum at work.

Kenning	(Heaving breathing) Amazing.

Maya	You’re very lucky to have that, it’s very rare.

Kenning	Will it make me faster?

Maya	Faster, stronger, smarter.

Kenning	How long’s it last?

Maya	The changes are permanent but the serum won’t stay potent forever. It’s probably already starting to weaken.

Kenning	What d’ya mean?

Maya	That batch is the last batch your father ever made. There will never be any more.

Kenning	I can make more.

Maya	Only your father knows the process. He never shared the formula with anyone or even wrote it down. It died with him. So that vial is the last vial that might ever exist.

Kenning	So how do I know if there’ll be any unforeseen side effects?

Maya	Give me the vial. I can tell you.

Maya	I thought as much, but now I know.

Kenning	What?

Maya	This is the last batch your father ever made, it’s the pinnacle of your father’s work.

Kenning	So it’s good?

Maya	He told me he perfected it. That the results would be better than anything he had ever hoped for. It’s a shame that he got killed before he got to try it first.

Kenning	Are you OK?

Maya	I just can’t believe he died before he got to see the results, and you, his son. You have the last vial. It’s almost as if everything is meant to be. You’re blessed.

Kenning	Maybe we can reverse engineer it somehow?

Maya	It’ll just get weaker and weaker over time. In hours, it may be worthless. I don’t know; it might be even worthless now.

Kenning	Do you think I should drink it?

Maya	If you don’t, can I?

Kenning	(Laughs) (Bottle lid unscrewing)

Kenning	(Heavy breathing) (Distant whispers)

Kenning	(Sighs)

Kenning	(Inhales deeply) (Whispers)

Kenning	This is for you dad. 

Ollie	Brad, a table.

Rebecca	(Moaning in pain)

Brad	Ah, ah. Rebecca. (Gasping) Rebecca. Breathe, breathe. (Breathing heavily)

Ollie	Brad, she’s gone mate, Brad.

Brad	No.

Ollie	Brad, she’s gone.

Brad	No.

Ollie	Brad. She’s gone. She’s gone.

Brad	No.

Ollie	OK? She’s gone.

Brad	(Crying)

Brad	(Breathing heavily) (Loud gasp and woman crying)

Ollie	What was that? (Woman crying)

Ollie	(Grunts) (Curtains being pulled back)

Ollie	What the fuck?

Brad	Oh God. Ollie, grab a knife. A knife from the table.

Pregnant Woman	(Crying)

Ollie	Look just stay calm, we’re going to cut you out, OK? OK. (Straps being cut)

Ollie	Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.

Brad	No, no.

Pregnant Woman	(Growling voice) Thank you. (Stabbing noises)

Woman	(Moaning and crying)

Ollie	No, no, no –

Brad	No, ah, no. No, no. No.

Ollie	no, stop, stop, stop. 

Ollie	What the fuck is going on?

Lawrence	Holy shit. 

Lawrence	Jen? Jen we’ve got a signal. (Growl)

Lawrence	Jen, let go of my hand. (Growling)

Lawrence	Jen, let go. Jen, Jen, Jen, Jen. (Screaming) (Growling and eating sounds)

Caitlin	I don’t like the look of this.

PC Gray	No shit.

Caitlin	The cupboard, go, go, go, go, go. 

Kenning	Ugh, I don’t feel so good.

Maya	It’s a normal part of the process.

Kenning	I feel like I wanna be sick, but at the same time I want to eat a big bloody steak.

Maya	Your body is growing and changing rapidly. (Loud voices shouting and growling)

Maya	You’ll need some protein. 

Kenning	Why the fuck did you bring me here? Fucking backstabber.

Maya	No. I’m alive because I’ve earned their trust. You have to do the same.

Kenning	He’s got a vial. I thought you said I had the last one.

Maya	He doesn’t have the perfected batch like yours.

Kenning	Are you lying to me? (Growling) (Footsteps)

Maya	Mr Kenning’s son, he’s with us. (Growling) (Footsteps)

Krun	(Sniffs)

Kenning	Was that it? Am I safe?

Maya	Now, prove your worth.

Kenning	What are you talking about?

Maya	You must fight one of the tribe. (Growling and shouting)

Kenning	There. Does that prove my worth?

Maya	You defeated the weakest member of the tribe. Now the tribe lives within you.

Kenning	Whoa. I beat ‘im. I won. I won. (Growling) (Knife falls to floor)

Kenning	Now what?

Maya	You have to kill the one you beat. He’s no longer a member of the tribe.

Brad	(Sighs) Come on Caitlin, where are you?

Ollie	Well, these tunnels can’t go on forever. We’ll run into her eventually.

Brad	(Sighs) Oh, they just don’t give up do they? Right, Ollie, back to back. You deal with everything in this direction, I will deal with everything in that direction.

Ollie	Any army tips for me?

Brad	Yeah, don’t get hit. 

Ollie	Oh wait, wait, switch sides, switch sides. 

Ollie	Did you see that shit (Stabbing sound)

Brad	Ollie.

Brad	(Screams) 

Brad	(Groaning) (Breathing heavily)

Caitlin	How’s your injury?

Brad	(Heavy breathing) (laughs) Injury? Did you not see me fighting with my usual high standards?

Caitlin	I didn’t notice.

Brad	Oh, that’s harsh. (Heavy breathing)

Caitlin	He didn’t make it.

Brad	No one made it. (Panting) Only that prick Richard Kenning.

Caitlin	So where is he?

Brad	He ran off with some woman we found.

Caitlin	Some woman?

Brad	She works with Kenning’s dad. She said that apparently they made all of these monsters out of the homeless people.

Caitlin	Jesus.

Brad	(Heavy breathing)

Caitlin	We need to get out of here,

Brad. Brad	I don’t want to leave him.

Caitlin	We need to prioritise our safety, we’re going to have to come back for him.

Brad	Yes, ma’am.

Kenning	What’s going on?

Maya	They’re questioning your presence.

Kenning	I’ve already proved my worth. (Loud growling)

Kenning	You lied to me. I know you did. You bitch. (Gasping) What have you done to me?

Maya	I’ve turned you into something your father would be proud of.

Kenning	Why? (Heavy breathing)

Maya	Because you’re just like your father.

Kenning	Bullshit. (Heavy breathing)

Maya	Remember what you said about making worthless lives useful? You're eager to continue his work.

Kenning	Bitch (heavy breathing). It wasn’t one of his creations that killed him. It was you. Ahhh.

Maya	Don’t strain yourself. It’ll just make the pain worse. 

Kenning	Get back here, bitch. 

Brad	Jesus Caitlin. You paid attention in basic training.

Caitlin	Huh, that should do it.

Brad	So, they draw first blood. (Footsteps)

Brad	(Grunting)

Brad	Who are you? Mary Poppins? Where’d you get all that stuff?

Caitlin	Found an old storage room. These things must have raided that disused mine we drove past.

Brad	Yeah, I reckon all these tunnels they’re all connected somehow. (Gasps) (Shouts)

Caitlin	Seriously?

Brad	Mmm. And to think, Kenning’s dad was experimenting on all these poor souls and everyone thought he was helping them.

Caitlin	Whoever they were, their personalities have long been erased. Whatever he did to them, I don’t even think you can call them human any more. They’re just like animals, mindless, just running on instinct. OK, I think we’re good until we get you to a doctor.

Brad	Mmm. I hate you.

Caitlin	Don’t be a big baby. (Growling and footsteps)

Brad	I swear to God Caitlin, if we get out of this, we’re getting different jobs.

Caitlin	We?

Brad	Yeah, we. (Breathing heavily) (Growling)

Brad	(Breathing heavily)

Caitlin	We need to go.

Brad	Yep.

Maya	Please, I’m not looking for a fight.

Caitlin	Who’s this?

Brad	This is the evil bitch who was helping Old Man Kenning with his experiments.

Maya	I didn’t help Kenning, I stopped him.

Brad	And we’re meant to believe you why?

Maya	I literally just saved your lives.

Brad	I’m not buying it. You ran off the very second that Rebecca was attacked.

Maya	I had to get away for my own safety. I didn’t know who you guys were or if I could trust you. Rich was the one that followed me.

Caitlin	So what do you want now?

Maya	I want to burn this place down to the ground. Anyone who has a similar goal is an ally of mine.

Brad	And what about your new found friend, Rich?

Maya	I told you, he followed me. He’s obsessed with his dad. He thought I had all the answers. I didn’t help Kenning. I was abducted. I’d lost everything. I didn’t know anyone in this country. I came to the farm because there was a generous man who offered to help people down on their luck. When Kenning first brought me down here, he was going to experiment on me, but I managed to get out of it.

Brad	So why didn’t you escape?

Maya	When Dr Kenning died, I thought that escaping this place would be easy. But his creatures go wild without their leader. They didn’t kill me but they didn’t want me to leave.

Caitlin	So where’s Rich now?

Maya	I forced him to drink the medicine before he could force it on anyone else.

Caitlin	What does the medicine do?

Maya	It turns you into these monsters. One of his father’s tribe.

Caitlin	So Rich is one of them now?

Maya	He’s still turning, but he will be.

Brad	Brilliant. So now he’s going to be twice and fast, twice as strong, and twice as stupid?

Caitlin	You wanna destroy this place, we need to find somewhere to plant these.

Maya	Follow me. 

Kenning	(Heavy breathing) (Grinding noise)

Kenning	(Heavy breathing) That stupid bitch. (Heavy breathing) I do feel stronger. That vial hasn’t done me any harm. (Heavy breathing). My Kenning blood has kept me strong. (Heavy breathing) Give me another vial.

Krun	(Growling)

Kenning	I’ll be even stronger.

Krun	(Growling then roaring) (Kenning falls to the ground)

Kenning	Don’t you know? All this is mine. My dad made you. You’re mine.

Bima	(Growling and grunting)

Kenning	Where are you going? 

Kenning	Is it that bitch?

Bima	(Grunting) (Fighting and biting noises)

Maya	This is a part of the old mining pit. It’s directly under the cave system where Kenning’s creations live.

Brad	And what’s with the explosives?

Maya	Left over from the mine.

Brad	So if we blow this place up 

Caitlin	Their whole world’ll collapse.

Maya	And it’ll finally be over. 

Brad	Let’s see what’s in those barrels. 

Maya	Can I help? (Wire drops)

Brad	Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Be careful, this stuff is really volatile. The chemical compounds in dynamite haven’t changed for years.

Kenning	Very knowledgeable for a man with muscles where his brain should be.

Brad	You’re looking a little under the weather there, Rich.

Kenning	Did you really think I was going to let you destroy my dad’s legacy?

Caitlin	You’re just another sick, twisted prick. Just like your father.

Kenning	Well, they say the apple doesn’t fall far from the tree. (Growling)

Kenning	This guy will kill all three of you with his bare hands. (Roaring)

Kenning	Go get her. 

Brad	He looks like he’s taken his juice.

Caitlin	Let’s go daddy’s boy.

Brad	(Screams)

Krun	(Gurgling) (Body hitting the floor)

Brad	(Grunting)

Brad	(Panting) Twice as fast, twice as strong. 

Brad	Stop. Your mum.

Krun	(Grunts)

Brad	Twice as stupid. (Punching noises)

Brad	(Grunting) 

Kenning	(Laughs)

Caitlin	(Moaning)

Kenning	(Laughs)

Caitlin	(Moaning)

Kenning	(Laughs) 

Caitlin	(Grunting)

Caitlin	(Grunts) (Body hits floor) (Footsteps)

Brad	Caitlin. Help me.

Caitlin	Brad (crying).

Brad	Whoa. Hey. Scared you’d lost me? That’s good.

Caitlin	Maya.

Brad	(Groaning)

Maya	(Shallow breathing) I’m sorry.

Caitlin	Sorry for what?

Maya	I didn’t attach the last explosive on time.

Brad	No worries, we can do it.

Caitlin	Hold this, apply pressure.

Maya	You don’t understand. They’re attracted to the noise. This place is going to be filled with creatures. You guys won’t be able to fight them.

Brad	Fight them? We need to get you out of here.

Maya	I’m not going anywhere.

Brad	And I’m not leaving you behind.

Caitlin	We can get you help.

Maya	I’m losing too much blood. I’ll die either in here or out there. I’d rather die knowing that I took this place to hell with me.

Caitlin	What are you saying?

Maya	Even if you could save me, I don’t want to live in a world where this place still exists.

Caitlin	We can’t let you do that.

Maya	You have no choice. I’m going to blow this place up whether you’re here or not.

Brad	Come on. (Grunts) Come on, Caitlin. (Grunts)

Maya	Go. Run.

Caitlin	(Coughs)

Brad	(Panting) That’s it. I’m done. I’m serving cocktails on a beach.

Caitlin	(Panting) What, with shit pay and lousy tourists.

Brad	(Panting) No responsibilities, good weather.

Caitlin	(Panting) Yeah, the easy life.

Brad	(Laughs) (Grunts).

Caitlin	(Grunts) 

The child	(Screams and growls) 




