
(Glammys School Of Fashion vlog EPS 112) 
     
MANCUSO	At times I really don’t want to be the school headmaster... Eh, come in...COME IN! Who is it?

KEI	Ehm, sorry Headmaster Mancuso...

MANCUSO	Oh no! The interview for the school vlog...no, my dears, not today.

KEI	But you promised...

MANCUSO	I’m sorry but...can’t you see? they are horrible! (with melodramatic airs) How should I get something good out of this for the next Autumn-Winter collection? I’m in a complete mess, leave me be...

GIRLS	(Reactions)

VAN LINDEN	What are you doing here? Run to class, you don’t know what a disaster there has been! Headmaster! We need to do something. There must be a punishment!

MANCUSO	What is it now? Can’t you see that I’m awfully busy?

VAN LINDEN	Rebecca and Carmen... come and see!

MANCUSO	An artist like me should have time, silence and concentration...  

REBECCA	Here...I was overcome with excitement and I jumped towards Carmen...

CARMEN	...I slipped on the paints table, I didn’t do it on purpose! 

MANCUSO	Oh no! What a disaster! Here we need to have an exemplary lesson.

REBECCA	Should we remove them?

MANCUSO	Much, much better! Each of you shall be the head of a team. The two that manage to fix the stained blinds win the two most beautiful decorated fabrics, and don’t have to wash the floors. Ready? Go!

REBECCA	(reaction)

CARMEN	(reaction)

MANCUSO	Why then do we also need to know how to properly teach the kids, because when we do they just treat it as a game... 

REBECCA	I’ve almost finished.

CARMEN	Gosh! We’re never going to finish in time...

MANCUSO	They’re beautiful! Here are the fabrics that will make up my new Fall-Winter collection! You have both won...but, since a challenge is a challenge and we need to decide the true winner... Rebecca wins, because she finished first. Punctuality of delivery plays its part, Carmen...

REBECCA	Let’s go, my friend, let’s do it in two first! And so, if the colors were turned over, it’s also my fault.

MANCUSO	So kids, as you can see it is night, and I have also recorded the interview for the vlog. For me you are important because you will be the great designers of the future.  Over and out from the vlog of the “High school of fashion.”
