wild bill hickok	no, no, you keep your goddamn head down, all right? you hear me?

wild bill hickok	take out that gunner! stay here, you don' move a goddamn muscle!

dying soldier	bill. bill, please, please, don't leave. please don't leave, i don't wanna die.

wild bill hickok	goddammit, kid.

dying soldier	no, bill, please. bill, please. please. bill. bill, bill, don't leave!

sherif akers	wake up, bill. come on, wake up! 

prostitute	please, don't shoot him, luther.

sam needham	nobody's gonna shoot nobody. we're just here to take bill to jail. 

wild bill hickok	 jail? now, hold on a minute,i ain't done nothin'.

sherif akers	you sell a horse and the carriage to sam here?

wild bill hickok	ain't nothin' wrong with a little commerce, is there?

sherif akers	but did you own that horse and carriage?

wild bill hickok	i would if i had any kinda luck.

sherif akers	get up and get dressed. and don't try nothin'. 'cause i got your gun.

prostitute	can i leave?

wild bill hickok	let her go. she's a fine woman, highly talented. you may quote me, my dear.

prostitute	thank you.  i'll come visit you, bill.

wild bill hickok	go.

sherif akers	shit!

wild bill hickok	i need hardly remind you that i never miss. your gun, please, and mine.

sherif akers	you think you're gonna get away with this, bill?

wild bill hickok	sam, open the closet. get inside.

sam needham	oh, but, bill, i'm not really good in confined spaces. sam! closet or the bullet, come on.

wild bill hickok	you, too, sheriff. sorry.

sherif akers	i am not gonna forget this.

wild bill hickok	i'm sure you won't. get inside.

sherif akers	i'm comin' for ya, billy.

conductor	everyone, please, if you're boarding the train, you must have a ticket. i'm gonna need to see a ticket, ma'am. sir!
wild bill hickok	i'm sorry, your ticket, or your money to buy one, or your life.

corporal fred finley	hickok?

wild bill hickok	do i know you?

corporal fred finley	corporal fred finley. you know, reb uniforms, behind reb lines?

wild bill hickok	yeah, yeah, of course, of course.

conductor	move out the way, please. sir, excuse me.

wild bill hickok	forgive me, i'm, i'm desperate.

conductor	tickets, please. what's goin' on here?

corporal fred finley	it seems my friend here has misplaced his wallet.

wild bill hickok	yeah, lose it all the time.


conductor	well, i'm still gonna need a ticket, sir.

corporal fred finley	don't worry, i'll take care of his ticket.

wild bill hickok	a whiskey salesman, huh?

corporal fred finley	oh, yeah. bourbon, rye, brandy, through the whole midwest  clear to omaha.

wild bill hickok	suits you down to a t, ted.

corporal fred finley	you don't remember me, do ya?

wild bill hickok	what? don't remember my favorite corporal?

corporal fred finley	you remember mattie, my cousin?

wild bill hickok	well.

corporal fred finley	[fred] i introduced you to her.

wild bill hickok	mattie, god. fred finley.

corporal fred finley	[fred] bill hickok. 

man	woo! 

man	get outta here, hey, hey!

wild bill hickok	whiskey.

phil poe	okay.

wild bill hickok	you ever had kentucky bourbon?

bartender	sir.

phil poe	name's phil poe, proprietor of this establishment.

wild bill hickok	bill, bill hickok.

phil poe	wild bill hickok?

wild bill hickok	been known to go by that name.

phil poe	ben, get mr. hickok a bottle of my private stock.  could i interest you in a game?

wild bill hickok	much obliged, but i--

phil poe	[phil] ah, no buts, no buts.

wild bill hickok	well, i can resist anything but temptation.

phil poe	well, we want you to|feel at home, mr. hickok. enjoy your bourbon.  and the game.

wild bill hickok	appreciate it.

phil poe	[phil] yeah.

man 1	so that's the famous wild bill?

man 2	ah, hell, he don't look|like he got a pot to piss in.

wild bill hickok	gentlemen, i seem to|have misplaced my wallet, so, if it's all the same to you, then, uh, my marker is my word of honor.

poker dealer	house rules.

player 1	you callin'?

player 2	i'm raising.

poker dealer	20 more.

player 2	wait, hold on. you're a goddamn cheater. you've been winnin' every hand all night long.


wild bill hickok	 now, hold on, son. this happens in poker. even a blind hog finds|an acorn once in awhile

player 2	[player] oh, yeah? who the hell are you?

wild bill hickok	now, there's no need for that. put the gun down. you just, you have a lot|to learn about poker i'd be happy to teach you. no, no, no, don't shoot him, sam.  he's just a boy.

phil poe	idiots.

wild bill hickok	good evening, gentlemen.

wild bill hickok	hey, hey, hey, hey, hey! what?  which one's your horse?

player 2	uh, that one.

wild bill hickok	much obliged.

wild bill hickok	closer to the fire, so|i can see you, please   what do you want, old man?

george knox	you can start by puttin' that gun away.name is george knox, mayor of that town. i figured maybe we could just go somewhere and talk for a while.

george knox	it used to be quiet here. a place where people could|raise their without the fear of a stray bullet. things ain't so quiet anymore.  now, we could use someone with your skills to help us get this town back to that place how would you like to|be marshal of abilene

wild bill hickok	why the hell would i wanna|do a crazy thing like that 

george knox	the same reason you just interfered in another man's quarrel, and put yourself between him and a bullet. cause sometimes it takes a|good man to stop bad people

wild bill hickok	i ain't a good man.

george knox	son, every man's got his demons.

wild bill hickok	how much does the job pay?

george knox	$100 a month.

wild bill hickok	that's not nearly enough.

george knox	150 and $10 extra for|every man you arrest

wild bill hickok	what about each man i shoot?

george knox	it ain't blood money. $10 for every man you arrest, not kill. now, we got a deal?

wild bill hickok	deal if you don't mind me asking, what happened to your last marshal?

george knox	resigned.

wild bill hickok	you mean he was killed?

wild bill hickok	well, that's gonna cost|you a little extra say, a house and some new clothes?

george knox	i think we can handle that.

woman in red dress	now, you fine gentlemen let me know if y'all need anything else, okay?

wild bill hickok	all right, thank you, ma'am.

george knox	thank you, ma'am.

woman in red dress	mm-hm.

george knox	gentlemen, within a week,|abilene will be an island in the sea of texas|cattle and texas humans

jenkins	will all due respect, mayor, this is a good christian|town, a godfearing town

man in tan hat	oh, for god's sakes, get off your high horse, jenkins you and i both know that abilene can teach sodom and|gomorrah a few lessns but, knox, hirin' a gunslinger, you think that's the right move?

george knox	damn right it is.

prisoner	ooo-whee! you sure are pretty.

wild bill hickok	damned if i ain't.

prisoner	you know, i can't seem to figure out how i ended up in here,|and you ended up out there didn't you steal my horse?

wild bill hickok	son, i'm gonna give you a word of advice you're sittin' at the poker table, and you can't see who|the idiot is, it's you i saved your life by|throwin' you in that box you should be thankful.

prisoner	yeah, uh, just what did|ya hit me with, anyway? big ol' bottle. scotch. damn shame.

small kid	bang, got you!

wild bill hickok	what the hell are you doin'? you followin' me around with this?

small kid	i wanna be a lawman when i grow up!

wild bill hickok	a lawman, huh? why aren't you in school?

small kid	don't you know nothin'? it's saturday.

wild bill hickok	saturday? well, go on, get outta here.

small kid	i want my gun!

wild bill hickok	no, i'm keepin' your gun, i like it.

small kid 	i said i want my gun, you bastard!

saloon patron	hold up your hands, you son of a bitch! i saw what you did to that poor boy. you've run through your luck. every breath you take from now on is a personal present from me.

wild bill hickok	you wouldn't murder a man|without givin' him a fair play would you?

saloon patron	i'm gonna learn ya a lesson. , can ya dance? you look awful pretty in that getup.

wild bill hickok	listen, why don't you calm down, and i'll give you my guns?

saloon patron	yeah.

wild bill hickok	you like the sound of that?

saloon patron	yeah.

wild bill hickok	here. son of a bitch. somebody give me a hand here.

preacher jenkins	yeah, i'll take charge here. 

wild bill hickok	mister preacher. in addition to my holy duties, i'm also the town undertaker.

wild bill hickok	well, that's handy, i guess.

preacher jenkins	we are a god-fearin' town, marshal. it's like the good book|says, waste not, want not 

wild bill hickok	sorry to disappoint you. hoist him up. he's all yours.

preacher jenkins	the good book also tells us that all things come to those who wait.

bartender	you better be careful|shootin' people,mister marshal. sullivan's a good customer.

wild bill hickok	your good customer just|tried to bushwhack me.

bartender 	sully's harmless.

wild bill hickok	no one's harmless with a gun|and a belly full of liquor from now on, you be sure|you don't serve a man more than he can handle.

bartender 	i just take orders, mister. mr. poe says the only question i ask is, can they pay for their drinks?

phil poe	welcome. i reckon congratulations are in order. ben, pour our new marshal|a drink of the good stuff

wild bill hickok	it's all right, ben. we'll drink this bottle.

phil poe	ah, no, no.

wild bill hickok	what's the matter? whiskey's whiskey, ain't it?

phil poe	well, i prefer my own brand.

wild bill hickok	this is your brand. these are all your brands. unless you're puttin' bad|whiskey into good bottles. hmm? 

phil poe	how much you make a month, marshal, 150? that ain't very much.

wild bill hickok	things are gonna change around here. first thing that's gonna change is this whiskey i have a duty to the|citizens in this town 

phil poe	would $50 a month change your mind?

wild bill hickok	you know, the second|thing that's gonna change these cards. i had a sneaking suspicion|that people aint been gettin' a square deal.

phil poe	you're a good man, bill. i spotted that right off. what do ya say a $100 a month?

wild bill hickok	what kind of marsh al would i be if i didn't follow the letter of the law? this offer is non-negotiable.

phil poe	well, you're a pragmatist, bill. that's a quality that i admire in a man. luck is a lady, and|this one's on the house 

wild bill hickok	luck is female, but she ain't no lady.

prostitute	when the lights are out, neither am i. hi, marshal.

wild bill hickok	how many of 'em are there?

prostitute	three.

intruder 1	didn't mean to interrupt.

intruder 2	ma'am.

intruder 3	just here to escort you to mr. poe's.

wild bill hickok	 i'll come when i'm good and ready.

intruder 2	yes, sir.

wild bill hickok	get outta here.

wild bill hickok	close the door!

phil poe	like my new hotel? it's nice, huh?

small kid	bang!

wild bill hickok	you again, you little scoundrel.

phil poe	joey.

wild bill hickok	fine boy you have here.

phil poe	get outta here, joey. go on. that young hellion  takes after his mother

wild bill hickok	ah?

phil poe	i'm afraid she's overindulged the boy., let me introduce you. gentlemen, this is our new|marshal mr. bill hickok
hotel guest	how do you do? i, uh, hope that we can|continue our discussion scenery's better over there, isn't it?
wild bill hickok	ah, yeah, well.

phil poe	excuse me, ladies, i'd like to introduce our new lawman to you. and this beautiful|creature is my betrothed miss mattie lyles.
wild bill hickok	well, ladies, most honored to meet your acquaintances. i hope that you come to|see me as a protector and a friend in days to come. please feel free to call upon me anytime.
hotel guest	excuse me.


mattie lyles	hi, darlin'.

wild bill hickok	ow. okay, can't say i didn't deserve that.

mattie lyles	been waitin' 10 years to do that. you're a son of a bitch.

wild bill hickok	what?

mattie lyles	you took off and never came back. you could've written at least once.

wild bill hickok	come on, i went to war, mattie. what did you expect? i was dodging bullets|left, right, and center i didn't know where i was gonna live from one day to another.

mattie lyles	why am i not surprised?

wild bill hickok	it's good to see you.

mattie lyles	how much?

wild bill hickok	how much what?

mattie lyles	i know you, bill. $200 and you forget you ever knew me.

wild bill hickok	now, hold on. i gain nothin' by telling|your mr. poe anything i'm pleased to see you so happy.

mattie lyles	300 for your silence|and not a cent more.

wild bill hickok	now, you're hurtin' my feelings.

mattie lyles	when i was young and foolish, i thought you were dashing and gallant, but now i see you for what you really are.  you're a liar. you're a live-for-today|hedonist with no ambition.

wild bill hickok	that's not true.

mattie lyles	and you only have one particular skill. killin' people.

phil poe	stop here.

jerry	whoa.

phil poe	give us a moment, jerry. what you frettin' about, mattie?

mattie lyles	i just don't understand how they can make a man like that marshal. i just wish you'd use your|influence on the town council, get rid of hickok.

phil poe	was he in the army with your husband?

mattie lyles	no. i don't know him. i just know his type. he only cares about four things, shootin', drinkin', and gamblin', and you can guess the last.

phil poe	i suppose i can guess the last. don't you worry your pretty|head about it any longer i'll take care of it., let's go, jerry.

wild bill hickok	sullivan! rise and shine. time to go home.

sullivan	i am at home.

wild bill hickok	then go to work.

sullivan	i am at work. i'm the jailer.	

wild bill hickok	well, that's handy.

prisoner 1	what about me? you know i have a farm that needs plowin'.

wild bill hickok	i'm gonna give you|some more advice, son. drinking, gambling, and|shootin', they don't mix speaking from personal experience. best you stay there till|you've learned your lesson

prisoner 1	i'll need money then.

wild bill hickok	money? what for?

sullivan	for breakfast. you need to feed the prisoner.

wild bill hickok	on the other hand, if as a result of my advice to take alcohol only in moderation and to never pull a gun at the poker table, you promise not to do it again, then i'll let you go, but i'm keeping your gun.

prisoner 1	you can't keep my gun. you can't keep my gun, please.

wild bill hickok	sullivan, let that idiot out.

mattie lyles	may i help you, marshal?

wild bill hickok	yes, yes, of course. i, i would like to buy a hat.

mattie lyles	what kind of hat?

wild bill hickok	well, a lady's hat, but i|don't know much about 'em, so i'd appreciate any suggestions|you might have, mattie.

mattie lyles	you presume familiarity.

wild bill hickok	oh.

mattie lyles	you may call me, mrs. lyles, sir.

wild bill hickok	mrs. lyles. you know, that name sounds familiar. i swear i've heard it somewhere before.

mattie lyles	here. take it. it's on the house. take it and leave.

wild bill hickok	no, no, no, i, i insist on paying. you know, this is a nice|place you have here, mrs. poe. 

mattie lyles	i know what you're thinkin, and, yes, philip did set|me up in this little shop, and, yes, i am going to marry him, so please just take your|hat and get out of here.

wild bill hickok	i bought that hat for you, mattie.

slade	howdy, bill. what? this shit kicker drew on me first.  look, i'm tellin' you it was a fair fight. he got what was comin' to him.

wild bill hickok	you just killed an unarmed boy, slade. you take care of him,|all right, preacher

preacher	oh, don't you worry about|that one little bit, marshal. i'll make sure he gets|a first-class sendoff.

wild bill hickok	i'm talkin' about the boy.

preacher	okay.

phil poe	well, i'm gonna have to raise, boys. goddamn, hickok!

wild bill hickok	i believe this belongs to you.

phil poe	looks to me like he|belongs to the devil now

wild bill hickok	you ordered this piece of horseshit to shoot the sodbuster. 

phil poe	now why would i do that? i didn't have no quarrel with the man. he didn't pull his gun on me. slade had this comin' anyway. goon! come get this piece of shit off my pot. have a seat, hickok, and|i'll take your money

doc	god, they never stop.

mattie lyles	joey! joey!	

sullivan	texas boys are here.

phil poe	don't get yourself killed now!

doc	oh, god almighty.

wild bill hickok	doc!

doc	hold your horses. i'm comin'. oh boy.

wild bill hickok	ah, yeah.

doc	okay, put him on.

wild bill hickok	yeah, he caught a bullet.

doc	where's the bullet?

wild bill hickok	it's in his leg.

doc	okay. now, son, ah, god. okay, son, now look,|we're gonna have to pull, the bullet out right away to stop the bleeding, okay?so you gotta be brave.i can't give you anything to go to sleep. you're just gonna have|to gut it out, okay? you know what, we could give him a shot. okay?

wild bill hickok	whiskey? really?

doc	yeah. oh, forget it, come on. you look really tough.  you'll be brave, be a good soldier.  okay? just count to 40, okay? one, two.

joey	one, two, three.

doc	we're not goin' anywhere.  grab his foot, hold his foot.  let's see.

wild bill hickok	okay, joey, listen, i| want yeah, we don't i want you to listen to me real careful. look at me, look at me. why don't i tell you about the time that i was scoutin' for|my friend general custer in the black hills. i was far in advance of the column, okay? and i found myself cutoff by cheyennes, the most bloodthirsty savages you ever had the displeasure to meet. now, i managed to slip past 'em, and they chased me into a dead-end canyon with a little narrow|passageway leadin' in, and i knew that they|could only come through one man at a time, so i decided to make my stand there, okay? so i turn around, and i'm|ready, but they disappear. silence. and bang!  gunfire starts. and you know who pops his head through?  a little ol' confederate boy, okay? he's movin' so slow, i put a bullet right between|his, right between his eyes, and, uh, his friends,|they clamber over the top  of him to come through.  and i drop another one and another one.  and this.  i'm outta bullets then, okay? so i draw my knife, and i|back up against the far wall.  by that time, they're crowdin' around me.

joey	what happened next?

joey	well, what could i do? i was outgunned and|outnumbered, out of ammo. ammo.  i only had my knife.

doc	so what'd ya do?

wild bill hickok	i pissed my pants, doc.

doc	now bandage. you're doin' good. just stay this quiet in here as you can.  i tell ya one thing, guns|are good for business.

wild bill hickok	george.

george knox	can i help ya, son?

wild bill hickok	i'm guessin' you heard about young joey.  it ain't right that a grown|boy can't horse aroundwithout risking a bullet.

george knox	and you're gonna tell me how|to keep that from happenin'?  the carrying of firearms within city limits  is strictly prohibited.

wild bill hickok	no guns at all.  you leave 'em at camp, or ya check 'em into the marshal's office on the way into town.

george knox	you sure about this, son?   some folks ain't gonna|be too happy about this 

wild bill hickok	yeah, well. they'll just have to live with it.

poker dealer	boss, you know boys|can't belly up to the bar if they're cuffed hand and|foot to the marshal's desk.

sullivan	now where am i gonna sleep?

phil poe	bill, i want you to|know i'm a 100% in favor of what you're tryin' to do. 100% in principle, but i think we need to be practical here.this ain't the only town they can drive cattle to.

wild bill hickok	my mind's made up, okay?  there's no changin' it. and that goes for you, too.

phil poe	do i need to remind you of our arrangement?

wild bill hickok	ben, put a goddamn cork in that bottle ,and sit it on its side facing me. i see a lot of you sons of bitches violatin' the no-guns ordinance. so i'm gonna explain it to you real simple by uncorking that bottle there. anyone else beside me do that? if not, kindly head to the bar. give your guns to ben for safekeeping.

wesley	i'd like to give|it a try, mister marshal.

wild bill hickok	put another cork in the bottle, ben.

wesley	spin it. whoo.

wild bill hickok	what do they call you, son?

wesley	hardin, john wesley hardin.

wild bill hickok	you born somewhere?

wesley	most likely somewhere.

wild bill hickok	you best get back to somewhere. 

wesley	oh, i don't know, i kinda like it here. think i'll stay for a while. 

wild bill hickok	i recognize you now. you're not a john wesley|hardin, you're wesley clemmons wesley clemmons. folks call you little arkansas.

wesley	that's a new one, little arkansas.

wild bill hickok	you know, you might|almost be as fast as me. ben, pour arkansas a drink on me. rest of you, keep givin'|your guns to the bartender. sully will pick 'em up later.

mayor	can i do somethin' for you?

phil poe	yeah, mayor, you can do somethin' about that young marshal of yours. boy's runnin' all of my|customers out of town.

mayor	now, listen to me, you son of a bitch. ain't no one stoppin' them boys from drinkin' that swill you call whiskey.

phil poe	now, you listen to me. if it weren't for my businesses, you wouldn't have no goddamn town. you'd just blow away in the dust. ain't right messin'|with a man's livelihood. and i'd hate to see your young marshal meet with some unhealthy accident while he's performing his duties.

mayor	i stand by my decision. now get your ass off my property. before i put a bullet in you.

man 1	i say we teach this|yankee dandy a lesson

wesley	ride out to camp,|pick up the spare guns

man 2	and a strong rope.

man 3	invite wild bill to a little necktie party.

wild bill hickok	good afternoon. can i help you?

man 1	we don't much like your new ordinances.

wesley clemmons.	yeah, we don't much like you.

wild bill hickok	is that so?

man 1	that's so. we reckon it's time you leave abilene for good.

wild bill hickok	the next person to move, i cut in half. you boys put your tails between your legs, and you get outta here. get.

wesley clemmons.	yeah, we'll be seein' you real soon.

man 1	you take care now, yankee. 

mattie lyles	hi, darlin', how was your day? it was all right, mattie.how was yours?

phil poe	it was good.

phil poe	i see ya found 'em. the pearls.

mattie lyles	oh, uh, i must've taken|'em off when i was cleanin'.

phil poe	well, you should be more careful. allow me. there, back where they belong.now what are you so excited about, son?

joey	you should've seen him! wild bill took on a 100 men! he's one tough fella.

phil poe	100 men, you say? hmm.

wild bill hickok	don't move a muscle.

mattie lyles	you used to like it when i moved. i don't know if you're aware of it, but you're a hero in joey's eyes. do me a favor. tell him not to be like you.

wild bill hickok	i'll walk you hom why? who are you tryin' to protect? me or poe? you stay down. goddammit.

hardin	give me two.

phil poe	mr. hardin, you're pretty fast with a gun.

hardin	so i've been told.

phil poe	from what i saw, you may be the fastest. you may be the best.	

hardin	i'm gonna take two.

phil poe	what are you gonna do if wild bill asks you for your guns?

hardin	well, he ain't asked yet. 

phil poe	these drovers, all from the south. texas mostly and they don't much cotton to yankee lawmen. i'm just sayin' if somethin' was to happen to wild bill, we'd need a new marshal.

hardin	you want me to kill wild bill for nothin'?

phil poe	you never get somethin' for nothin'. no, there's a reward. $500 reward.

hardin	isn't that ironic. a bounty on a lawman.

phil poe	you in?

hardin	if you're so anxious to see wild bill dead, why don't you kill him yourself?

phil poe	if you want somethin' done right, you oughta hire the best.

hardin	you know, somethin' tells me, poe, you're not an honest man.

phil poe	let's just say, i ain't easy to beat.

mayor	it's time to fish or cut bait. somethin's gotta be done about little arkansas. the son of a bitch is wearin' his guns in plain view.

wild bill hickok	you can harness a mule, but you teach a horse to run.

hardin	let's, uh, make this drink for long nights of no rest.

wild bill hickok	little arkansas. i'm callin' you out. i'll be in the street waitin'.

hardin	well, sorry about that rude interruption. save the last dance for me.

wild bill hickok	drop your guns, or i'm gonna arrest you.

hardin	you want my guns? okay. take 'em.

wild bill hickok	what you lack in sense, you certainly make up for in gumption. don't you know anythin'? i invented the road agent's spin.

hardin	i didn't know you were that old, marshal.

wild bill hickok	well, it's a funny thing. older i get, the more i learn.

hardin	well, if you'd like to keep learnin', i'd holster that pistol of yours.

wild bill hickok	notice my hammer tied back? if something should happen to cause my thumb to slip, you will catch a bullet right between the eyes.

hardin	well, i can't see what good it's gonna do me to surrender my guns, if you're just gonna go ahead and shoot me in the back the second i turn and walk away.

wild bill hickok	you have been misinformed, sir. i never shoot a man in the back. how 'bout a compromise? what do you say to a drink?

hardin	i say all right.

hardin	you know, there's a rumor|going around about you, says that you were a|yankee spy during the war.

wild bill hickok	it was a stupid war.

hardin	well, you know the only way you're gonna get these|guns off me, marshal, is if ya kill me.

wild bill hickok	i'm considerin' it. if i let you loose, pretty soon every bowlegged son of a bitch is gonna be wearin' his guns, too. i can't allow that.

hardin	i understand your problem. i do. it's just i ain't ready to leave town yet, and i sure as hell ain't|takin' these guns off.

wild bill hickok	you remind me of someone.

hardin	well, he sounds handsome, who?

wild bill hickok	it's not important. the point is, you got potential. you just might do.

hardin	do what? you want me to be a lawman?

wild bill hickok	pay is $100 a month, a lot more than a drover makes. what do ya say, little arkansas?

hardin	well, i say poe offered me|$500 for just one day of work.

wild bill hickok	there's two ways you're|leavin' this office wearin' those guns of yours. feet first, or wearin' that badge.

hardin	can i ask you somethin', marshal?

wild bill hickok	mm-hmm.

hardin	why do you call me arkansas?

wild bill hickok	'cause if you were john wesley hardin, we'd have to hang you. 

hardin	arkansas it is.

wild bill hickok	i usually take a different|route on these patrols, keep the bushwhackers guessin'.

hardin	why the shotgun? seems to me a rifle would|be a little more accurate.

wild bill hickok	well, this here's what i|call preventative medicine. sawed-off filled with blue whistles is a mighty fine deterrent.

hardin	well, i've never had to|shoot twice at the same man.

wild bill hickok	there's|somethin' you gotta learn about gunfightin'.

hardin	oh, yeah, what's that?

wild bill hickok	no matter how fast you are,|there's always someone faster. the more you use your gun, the sooner you're gonna run into that man.

hardin	i reckon i still got some|time before i meet that man.

joey	last chance, hand 'em over, arkansas.

kid	come get it, marshal!

both	bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang!

prostitute	you wanna come upstairs?

phil poe	not tonight, darlin'. much obliged.

man 2	consider it done.

wild bill hickok	there's a lot of vagrancy|in this part of town. keep your eyes skinned. the lawman has no friends|and few sympathizers. a momentary benevolence can prove fatal.

hardin	i don't intend to die of|an excess of benevolence.

wild bill hickok	well, i don't think you got

wild bill hickok	you see him?

hardin	see him, i got him. you can't see him?

wild bill hickok	yeah, yeah, i can see him.

hardin	you know this dandy here? yeah, i know him.

man 1	well, we're lucky he's about|as accurate a shooter as you. you just killed an old man, marshal. time for you to meet your maker. i'll see you in hell, hickok!

joey	i wanna help the marshal patrol! ow!

mattie lyles	i want you to stay away from wild bill. you are not to see or speak to that man again. you hear me? do you hear me?

wild bill hickok	whenever i look into|a light of any kind, it's edged with halos,|bright as january 

doc	well, ya have a film over your eyes, and it'll be all right for a while, but in five years.

wild bill hickok	in five years what?

doc	total blindness. i can't help you, but|you can help you're at a point where|you can make a decision, and you must make a decision. you can take the path of a boy, reckless and careless and stupid, or you can take a higher|road and become a man.

wild bill hickok	become a man by plowin' fields, huh? is that what you're suggesting? 

doc	look, bill, get an easier profession, start leading a different kind of a life.

wild bill hickok	this is all i've been|good at my whole life, doc. what am i gonna do?

doc	you cannot ignore this, bill. you must not ignore it,|'cause it isn't all right.

wild bill hickok	 i'd appreciate it if you kept|this information to yourself.

doc	you're a patient. i'm a doctor, strictly confidential.

wild bill hickok	this stays confidential, or your wife's gonna end up a widow, doc. i'm serious, doc. i seen you with the drinking. when you drink, you talk. you wear a badge.

doc	i'm a doctor. it's strictly confidential, trust me. i took an oath.

wild bill hickok	okay, well you remember your oath, and you keep your mouth shut. thanks for the good news.

phil poe	i got somethin' i want you all to do. i want you all to spread the word that that son of a bitch is moon-blind. he can't see in the goddamn dark. hello, fred. mr. poe.

phil poe	moon-blind. can ya handle that? yeah, boss. we got that.

phil poe	go on. how are you, fred?

fred	very good, sir. name your poison. well, i'll have, uh, a|barrel of the old kentuckian, and then, uh, half-dozen|barrels of the usual.

fred	one old kentuckian and just,|just a half-dozen barrels?

phil poe	half dozen, fred.

fred	say, mr. poe, uh, did a bill hickok come through here recently? they call him, uh, wild bill.

phil poe	name sounds familiar.

fred	well, hickok was acquainted|to a relative of mine, uh, a miss mattie silks. she was engaged to some|fancy fella, if i remember.

bartender	mr. poe's also engaged, but the lady's name is|lyles, mattie lyles. lyles?

fred	well, that was mattie's mother's name. hmm. thank you, mr. poe. what do you want?

wild bill hickok	well, i, i brought|a present for the boy. a walking stick, useful|for getting around. also, useful against bloodthirsty savages.

joey	wow, thanks!

wild bill hickok	you're welcome. and for the lady of the|house, fresh-cut flowers, all the way from kansas city.

fred	joey, give it back, it's dangerous.

joey	ah, mom.

mattie lyles	now!

joey	yes, ma'am.

mattie lyles	tend to your chores.

wild bill hickok	yes, sir.

mattie lyles	your flowers are also|unwelcome and a mistake.

wild bill hickok	you're the one makin' a mistake, mattie. you can't marry that man, i'm begging you.

mattie lyles	well, it's my mistake, and|it ain't my first one either.

wild bill hickok	as i recall, i was your first mistake.

mattie lyles	i'm not proud of|that, or the life i led, but that all ended once i had joey.

wild bill hickok	i still care for you, mattie. i know you care for me.

mattie lyles	you need to leave. poe will be here soon. whatever shortcomin's he|may have, he's punctual.

wild bill hickok	what about last night?

mattie lyles	it never happened.

wild bill hickok	mattie.

phil poe	sit down. had a long talk with an|old friend of yours today. fred finley. so, tell me, miss lyles,|or is it miss silks, how exactly did your husband get killed? what battle?

mattie lyles	little round top.

phil poe	no more lies!

mattie lyles	you bastard.

phil poe	that's the only bastard around here, and i raised him as my own. you know what, mattie? i'll give you a job at the bull's head. i can always use another|good whore down

mattie lyles	come, baby.

joey	i'm sorry, mom.

mattie lyles	it's okay, it's okay.

joey	i'm sorry he hit you.

hardin	i didn't know you were|the prince of pistoleers.

wild bill hickok	i better not find|out this came from you.

hardin	you're crowdin' me, bill. and i don't like to be crowded.

wild bill hickok	i don't like to be lied to. you lyin' to me?

hardin	no.

wild bill hickok	good.

mayor	can i help you, son?

wild bill hickok	i think my demons have|finally caught up with me.

mayor	every man has demons, son. a man's demons, though quiet,|are never quite silent. she was my light, the thing that kept the demons in the dark.

bad guy	i'm, i'm sorry.

mayor	only god can forgive you|now, you son of a bitch. no one can run forever, son. you quit, you surrender,|they'll dog your heels till the day you die. but not if you face it. now ask yourself which|you'd rather live with.

mattie lyles	i'm sorry.

wild bill hickok	where is he?

mattie lyles	please don't. please.

wild bill hickok	let's go, we have to go. get your things.

wild bill hickok	keep your heads down!

man 1	we must've got him.

hardin	guns are not allowed in town no more.

man 1	that ain't no law anymore. there's a new lawman in town. 

conductor	tickets, please. tickets, please.

wild bill hickok	listen, when you get to wichita, you seek out a man named earp, okay? he's a good man. he'll take care of you.

man	tickets, please.

mattie lyles	come with us, bill.

wild bill hickok	you know i can't. i have to finish this, mattie. i've been runnin' my entire life.

mattie lyles	you're still runnin'. it's time for you to hang up your guns. if you stay, we can't wait for you.

joey	i'll wait for you, wild bill.

mattie lyles	you do as your mother says, boy.

joey	i know why you're goin' back. you're goin' back 'cause you're a hero.

wild bill hickok	no, son.

wild bill hickok	i'm gonna back 'cause i'm a coward. sometimes it takes more|courage to walk away. you be a man, take care of|your mother for me, okay?

conductor	tickets, please.

wild bill hickok	you got me, sir.

joey	he's my hero.

mattie lyles	he's your daddy.

wild bill hickok	you ain't gonna try to stop me, are ya?

mayor	no. reckon you'll want this.

wild bill hickok	poe!

phil poe	wouldn't shoot me in the|back, would ya, hickok? guess not. $500 to the man that kills wild bill.

phil poe	i'll show you wild, hickok.

phil poe	wild bill, my ass! i'll show ya wild! you're not so wild, hickok! yeah, you piece of shit!

wild bill hickok	goddammit.

wild bill hickok	i'm done running.
