Male Voiceover	Until now, you've seen that Dev hasn't forgotten the struggles which his mother has gone through and worships her like a Goddess. 
Male Voiceover	When Ishwari falls ill, Dev offers nutritionist, Dr. Sonakshi a mammoth salary and asks her to become the personal nutritionist of his mother. 
Male Voiceover	But Sonakshi refuses his offer and hence he gets her terminated from the job. 
Male Voiceover	On the other hand, Dev realizes that Ishwari has fainted on the street. 
Male Voiceover	Sonakshi herself brings Dev's mother to the hospital and later on, Dev himself goes to meet Sonakshi at her residence. 
Male Voiceover	The story continues... 
Sonakshi	How dare you come over to my residence? 
Dev	You don't need to have guts to thank someone but you just need to be a well nurtured person. And it doesn't matter what you think about me. My mother has taught me
Dev	that whenever someone does you a favour, then that person deserves to be thanked and respected for his deeds. 
Sonakshi	I haven't done you any favour. I've just done my duty. 
Sonakshi	How is your mother now? 
Dev	She is feeling better. The doctors have said that we can take her home tomorrow. 
Sonakshi	Okay, good for you. Bye. 
Dev	You're well aware of my mother's condition. Her condition is very bad. I just want you to reconsider your decision once again. 
Dev	And as far as money is concerned, I'm ready to shell out the amount you want. 
Sonakshi	Perhaps Mr. Dev Dixit, you're unaware of the fact that there are also people in this world who don't have a price tag. I'm not such a saintly person that I don't require money.  
Sonakshi	Please understand this. I do need money. But I'm not greedy for it. If at all there's something which I'm greedy for, then it's my self respect, 
Sonakshi	and my job values, which hold no importance for you at all. So, I'm sorry, I refuse to do a job for you. 
Sonakshi's mom	Sona! Sona! What happened? 
Nikki	Sister, brother has come. Brother, how is mother now? 
Dev	She is ill, is in the hospital and is all alone despite our presence. 
Nikki	Brother, how is mother's condition now? 
Dev	If you were so concerned about mother, then why didn't you hold her hand and stop her from going out 
Neha	Children hold mother's finger and not her hand. And why are you scolding Nikki when you're well aware that mother doesn't listen to anyone? 
Dev	Neha, even if mother doesn't listen to spoken words, she does surely listen to words spoken from the depth of your heart. 
Neha	And you and mother are the only two people who have a heart, isn't it? The rest of us are just statues made of stone. 
Neha	Brother, are you the only one who cares for mother? Even I care for her. 
Neha	And I'm aware that mother herself is the one to be blamed for whatever happened. 
Dev	Neha, children are supposed to take care of and pray for mother's health during her illness. They aren't supposed to argue. 
Dev	Neha, mother has done so much for us. She brought us up and nurtured us with her guidance. 
Neha	Not us, brother. It's only you whom she has nurtured with her guidance. 
Dev	Neha, are you still miffed due to yesterday's matters? 
Neha	Brother, it doesn't matter the way I am. I may be good or bad, but my roots are still attached to my childhood. And a tree can never be separated from its roots. 
Dev	Neha, you're just not getting it right. Mother is ill. 
Nikki	Sister, brother is already upset due to mother's condition. Please don't quarrel with him. 
Riya	Brother might be going to the hospital now. I'll heat up the food. You serve him. Got it? 
Nikki	Family drama. 
Sonakshi's mom	Sona, see what your father is doing. Sona, come downstairs quickly. Oh God! Sona, get up. Come and see what he is doing. 
Sonakshi's dad	Ice cream party. 
Sonakshi's mom	Look at him. 
Sonakshi's dad	I'll have sandesh along with ice cream. 
Sonakshi's brother	What? 
Sonakshi's dad	Didn't you understand? No? Mishti has left. 
Sonakshi's dad	We'll mix ice cream and sandesh together. 
Sonakshi's brother	Reaction: Laugh 
Sonakshi's brother	Have it quickly then. If that pesky woman shows up, then she won't let anyone eat anything. 
Sonakshi's dad	Hey! Nothing's going to happen. I'm right here and I'll take care of everything. 
Sonakshi	What will you take care of, father? You're a diabetic and brother has chances of becoming one. Take care of whatever you want, the day all of you land up on a hospital bed. 
Sonakshi's dad	It's enough, Sona! You can't boss me around like this in everything. This is my house and it's not going to work, alright. 
Sonakshi's dad	This won't work out!
Sonakshi's brother	It won't work out! 
Sonakshi	Just a minute! 
Sonakshi	Everyone knows that we are Bengalis. Such cliche lines won't work. This house doesn't belong only to you. It also belongs to all of us. 
Sonakshi's mom	Absolutely correct. Everything in this house happens with everyone's involvement. 
Sonakshi	Exactly. 
Sonakshi's mom	We celebrate festivals together. 
Sonakshi	Exactly. 
Sonakshi's mom	Then we should be solving problems together too. 
Sonakshi	Exactly. 
Sonakshi's brother	Then how can you handle all your problems by sitting all alone in your room, my dear? 
Sonakshi's dad	Sona, do you even know that you've always taken up the entire family's responsibility along with your own. 
Sonakshi's dad	So, my dear, let us also take up some responsibility from our end today. Has my daughter grown up to such an extent today 
Sonakshi's dad	that she chooses to hide her problems from her father? 
Sonakshi	No, father. I'm sorry. I didn't want all of you to become sad. 
Sonakshi's brother	Sad? Party animals like us are never sad, my dear. 
Sonakshi's dad	You'll surely get another job if you've lost one, my dear. 
Sonakshi's brother	Exactly, father. That's what even I told her. Both of us will work hard together. How about that? 
Dadi	It's enough now. Now, just stop crying and have the ice cream. It's melting fast. Come on now. 
Sonakshi	No one will have it! Let it melt! 
Sonakshi	Yours for today. 
Sonakshi's brother	Thank you. 
Ishwari	Rs 8000!? This is just too much! Rs 8000 monthly rent and that too for a single room?!
Nuse1	Ma'am, it's not monthly, it's daily. 
Ishwari	What!!! Really!!?? Rs 8000 per day??!!
Ishwari	This is plain loot! I'll talk to Dev and surely get this rent decreased. 
Ishwari	It's my son's hard earned money. Rs 8000. 
Dr. Sinha	Good morning, Mr Dev. 
Dev	Good morning, doctor. 
Dr. Sinha	Your mother's condition is fine now. You can take her home if you wish. 
Dr. Sinha	But make sure that her food habits and diet should be exactly according to the chart. 
Dev	Yes, doctor. 
Mami	Oh My God! How did you faint like that on a busy street? What if you were run over by a truck? 
Mami	What am I saying? I shouldn't be uttering something so inauspicious. Even if you were run over, it would have been an auto rickshaw and not a truck. 
Mami	Since the moment I heard that you've fainted, I didn't even have a morsel of food till now. 
Mami	Your brother had brought 4 samosas out of which 2 are still lying in the plate. You can ask him if you want. 
Mami	Ishwari, why don't you empty a room for me too? I'll be here with you to take care of you till the time you recuperate fully. 
Ishwari	I'm absolutely fine now. The doctor has even allowed me to go home today. 
Mami	You recuperated so quickly? Very good! I was just unnecessarily getting excited for a room. 
Dev	Good morning everybody. 
Ishwari	Greetings, doctor. 
Mami	Listen Dev, actually Vicky is there at the parking lot. Just tell him where his aunty is so that he too can come here. 
Mami	And as far I'm concerned, I simply asked people where the mother of the Board of Directors is and reached here. Actually, since Vicky is a simpleton, he might get lost. 
Dev	Alright, I'll bring him here. 
Mami	Doctor, my in-laws have sent radish pickle for me. But I'm suffering from indigestion and hence I've controlled myself from 4 days. Can you please prescribe me some medicine? 
Dr. Sinha	First take an appointment and then I'll be able to prescribe you. 
Radha	What will I do with your advice? I also know that this is because of gases. You give me medicines. 
Dev	Yes, tell me. 
Vicky	Dev, in which room aunt has been admitted to? 
Male3	Hey, you brat, are you blind? You dashed into my car! Leave my collar. 
Dev	Mom, I will be back. 
Sonakshi	How is that possible? Mr. Mathew called me for the job since a year. In fact, we spoke yesterday and Mr. Mathew called me here. 
Sonakshi	Now you are saying that there is no vacancy. How is this possible? 
Male2	Ma'am, there is no vacancy really. What can we do? 
Sonakshi	I will speak to Mr. Mathew personally. 
Male2	But ma'am, Mr. Mathew went to Australia today itself. I am sorry, it seems, you have some confusion. Really, we have no vacancy. 
Sonakshi	Thank you. 
Male3	Hey, hello. The police in-charge of the local police station is my brother-in-law. Now you are gone! 
Vicky	You call anyone you want. You don't know me and my back. Call any police inspector, Sp ACP. Call anyone you want. 
Male3	Who is backing you? 
Vicky	The hospital parking you are standing right now belongs to my brother. 
Male3	Show this attitude to someone else. I will fix your attitude now. Stay here. 
Vicky	You dashed your car on me. You did it. 
Male3	Hey, you stop! Leave me, stay back. 
Dev	Vicky! Vicky! Vicky! 
Vicky	Hey, you call anyone. 
Dev	Vicky! Vicky, stop! Vicky. 
Vicky	You wait, I will show your place! 
Dev	I am sorry. I will pay for your damages. 
Male3	Mister, he is lucky that you came here on time. Otherwise, I was going to call the police. Please tell your brother. 
Vicky	You be quiet.  Vicky. Take his details and give me in the office.
Watchman1	Okay, sir. 
Dev	Vicky, let's go. Let's go. 
Male4	I am sorry. 
Sonakshi	Hi, I am Sonakshi Bose, I have come to meet Dr. Verma. 
Female1	Regarding! 
Sonakshi	My job interview. 
Female1	Please wait. 
Female1	Sorry, ma'am. There is no vacancy. 
Sonakshi's dad	Hello. Hello, Mr. Sharma. Bijoy this side. Sir, did you speak to someone for that consultancy job with anyone? 
Sonakshi's dad	No. No. I am asking for myself. My time doesn't pass at home so, I just asked. Thank you. 
Sonakshi's dad	(Reaction) 
Sonakshi's dad	Hello. Hello, Mr. Sharma. Bijoy this side. Sir, did you speak to someone for that consultancy job with anyone? 
Sonakshi's dad	No. No. I am asking for myself. My time doesn't pass at home so, I thought, your work will be done and my time will be utilized. 
Sonakshi's dad	Okay. Okay. Okay, I will meet you tomorrow. Thank... thank you. 
Sonakshi's dad	(Reaction) 
Vicky	(Reaction) Mom, slowly. Carefully, please. 
Radha	Yes. Yes, son. Yes. 
Radha	Is my son a bell at the temple that anyone can beat him any time. What did he do to you with a single slap? 
Radha	I respected Ishwari in the hospital, otherwise... Let your father come home. He will speak to Dev. 
Radha	He earned some money now so he has also got the courage to slap relatives. 
Vicky	(Reaction) 
Vicky's dad	What happened? Did some girl's brother catch you again while giving a love letter?
Radha	What nonsense you speak! Not somebody's brother. His own brother has slapped him. Your favorite Dev.
Vicky's dad	Dev!
Radha	Yes.
Vicky's dad	That's good! You see, a rock turns into a piece of art after taking a lot of hits. 
Radha	You are concerned about the art! And he ruined my son's face by slapping him. Why are you laughing now?
Vicky's dad	What do you want me to do? Cry? You see, Dev is not a crazy person that he will slap him without any reason.
Vicky's dad	He must have done something wrong. So, what did you do?
Vicky	I didn't do anything. A man was standing there. (Reaction)
Radha	You be quiet!
Radha	You keep quiet. Whatever he did, who slaps the family for an outsider?
Vicky's dad	It is better than being slapped from an outsider. And that's how a big brother expresses his love. Try to understand.
Vicky	What kind of a love? Mom never raised her hand on me. Doesn't that mean mom doesn't love me?
Vicky's dad	You see, everyone has his own way of expressing love. Is it clear?
Radha	Oh God! He will never improve. Son, you don’t worry.
Radha	You will see, my curses will affect him. He has hurt a mother. One day he will also be hurt like this. And he too.
Sonakshi's brother	Do you think that Mr. Dev did that?
Sonakshi's brother	Sona, are you sure that you don't want to accept his job offer? I mean, this job offer is not bad.
Female2	I am speaking from Dev Dixit's office. He wants to talk to you.
Sonakshi's brother	Good morning, Karol Bagh! Have this piece of cake.
Sonakshi	Why Saurabh?
Sonakshi's brother	Because you got a new job.
Sonakshi	Saurabh, I didn't get any job.
Sonakshi's brother	You didn't get any job.
Sonakshi	Saurabh, I don't know what happened. Till yesterday everyone was willingly ready to give me the job. How did it fill today all of a sudden?
Sonakshi	It seems, the entire city knelt down in front of one person.
Sonakshi's brother	Do you think, Mr. Dev did that?
Sonakshi	Saurabh, who else can do this?
Sonakshi's brother	He is a very powerful man, isn't he?
Sonakshi	He is not very powerful though. I am still getting the job offers from the small nursing home and the hospitals. But their packages are very low.
Sonakshi's brother	Sona, are you sure that you don't want to accept his job offer? I mean, that job offer is not bad.
Sonakshi	Saurabh, how can you even say so? That man got me fired from the job. He closed all my paths.
Sonakshi	And you are saying that I should listen to that Mr. Attitude!
Sonakshi's brother	No. I am not asking you to accept his job.
Sonakshi's brother	I am asking you to listen to a son. I am angry with whatever he did with you.
Sonakshi's brother	But I don't know why I am unable to hate him? Because he did all this for his mother.
Sonakshi's brother	I know him, he is a very emotional person.
Sonakshi's brother	Do you remember, when mom had fallen sick in the childhood after drenching in the rain, then we got so angry with the cloud that we were throwing stones at the clouds from the roof.
Sonakshi's brother	Mr. Dev is also angry with the cloud. Yes, his frustration is wrong. But somebody needs to understand it.
Sonakshi's brother	He loves his mother a lot. Just like we love our mom. And people often act foolishly in love.
Sonakshi's brother	Sona, I can understand every thing. I just can't say anything.
Female2	Hello! Ms. Sonakshi.
Sonakshi	Yes.
Female2	I am speaking from Mr. Dev's office. He wants to talk to you. Hello! Hello, ma'am! Dr. Bose, are you there?
Sonakshi	I am on the line. But I don't want to talk to Mr. Dev.
Sonakshi	You drop him my message, I accept his job offer.
Female2	Okay. Thank you, ma'am!
