HEATHER	Then in the early sixites the land was bought by the Cornelius family.  	
HEATHER	By the eighties there was still no running water, power or telephone.  It was the perfect place for a predator to hold captive vulnerable young women.  By the time he'd be held accountantable there'd be seven (	) known victims.  
DOUG	Woah, woah, woah.  Hey, hey, hey.  It's me.  You're OK. 	
JOANNE	He's already come back, Doug.  He'll know I'm gone.  	
DOUG	Jump in the truck, mate.  Come on.  	
HEATHER	Joanne had escaped not long before I arrived.  	
HEATHER	I was nineteen years old and I was about to spend twenty-three weeks of absolute horror, held captive by William Paul Cornelius.  
CORNELIUS	[Singing]  Folks 'round here call me crazy, I walk a lonely road I know it's true, And if sometimes I'm bad I know they'll understand, They'll know it's just my crazy love for you.  
HEATHER	I'd, um, worked in offices and I really wasn't happy doing that kind of work.  I just didn’t' like being inside all the time. So I was looking for a job when I saw the ad in the paper tutoring correspondence in a farm situation.  So I just thought it would be a really different opportunity that I could work at for 6 months, save all my money, cos, you know, I wouldn't be spending the money.  And it was quite a lot of money that was being offered. And then I'd be able to go overseas cos that's what I wanted to do, was to travel overseas.  
CHRISTINE	Oh that sounds fantastic.  Paris, Rome, Berlin…  And Raetihi.  So there's job's in Raetihi?  Could've fooled me. 
HEATHER	Yeah, well, I'm actually doing some live-in tutoring.  The guy who's employing me seems really keen but…  Oh we, we already met in Tauranga so…
CHRISTINE	Tauranga? 	
MALCOLM	Christine… 	
HEATHER	Yeah.  He's got a sister who lives up there.  So we met at her place
CORNELIUS	It is remote… [fade under] 	
HEATHER	Initially I, I thought he was a bit of a… a hippy because he had long hair and a beard, and his son had long hair.  But they were obviously farmers and I was used to farmers.  But he was very nice, he was charming and polite and his son just seemed like a really lovely boy.  
CHRISTINE	Listen. If you're talking about… 
MALCOLM	Christine. 
CORNELIUS	Morning Heather. 
HEATHER	Oh, hi. Shot Start T/C Action and Dialogue Line Start T/C End T/C No.  No.  
CORNELIUS	How's the drive?  	
HEATHER	Yeah, good. 	
CORNELIUS	Morning.  Morning Chrissie. 	
CORNELIUS	The river's up.  Must be raining somewhere.  But here?  Sunshine.  Come on, we'd better get your things.  Get you up to the farm.  
CORNELIUS	You can leave your dinky toy in here if you like.  Don't think it will like the road up to the farm, it's a bit rough.  
HEATHER	Are you sure your friend won't mind?  	
CORNELIUS	Yeah.  I leave things in here all the time.  Noone will find it.  I mean, they won't go breaking into it or anything.  Benn's going to be very excited to see you again.  
HEATHER	Looking back now I realise that he'd probably interviewed several girls and he'd picked the one he thought would be easiest to control.  I think it's thirty miles out to the farm, but that's as the crow flies.  It definitely takes quite a long time, through very rough terrain.  A lot of high ranges and deep gorges.  It's not a drive for the faint hearted.  
CORNELIUS	My love's like a freight train in motion, It speeds along the track that leads to you, Through the sea and snow, No matter where you go, This never ending crazy love for you.
HEATHER	Initially, when we were first driving out to the farm I, I felt fine.  He was a very charismatic person who… Just friendly and nice… Just seemed like a really nice man.  And then we got to a gate that was locked and that was a private road and I, I didn't know about this.  I knew that the farm was remote but I didn't realise it wasn't on a public road.  
HEATHER	I started getting… a bit nervous, cos I sort of thought, "Oh, I'm going to the middle of nowhere and I don't know this person and, you know, this is a little bit scary.  
CORNELIUS	Get out the car.  	
CORNELIUS	Come on.  Jump out.  I wanna show you something.  	
CORNELIUS	I've got nearly three and a half thousand acres here.  Beautiful country.  Isolated, yeah, but beautiful.  Remote, the wife said.  She hated it.  It wasn't… enough.  
HEATHER	I'm sorry.  	
CORNELIUS	Oh look, don't worry.  I understand you're probably a bit nervous but you've got nothing to worry about.  You know, you can trust me.  Everything's fine.  You won't have to work the farm or anything.  Just keep Benn up with his lessons and maybe cook the odd meal or two if you don't mind.  
HEATHER	No, that's cool.  Well, I enjoy cooking.  	
CORNELIUS	Well, that'll be a treat.  I'm a pretty ordinary cook, myself.  Come on. 	
HEATHER	So I felt quite reassured and thought I was just being a bit silly. 	
HEATHER	It was about another hour over the clay road.  Finally we reached a condemned bridge high over a gorge.  And after that we were there.  I was still a bit apprehensive, but, I was really excited too.  
BENN	Hi! 	
HEATHER	Hi! 	
BENN	Hi, Dad! 	
 CORNELIUS	Hey son. 	
BENN	Hello. 	
HEATHER	I thought it was… I mean it was very rustic, if I can call it that.  I think the cabin was built back in the nineteen-forties, but it was adequate.  
CORNELIUS	Benn, why don't you show Heather around the place while I get her pack. 	
BENN	OK.  Inside and out?  Alright!  Come!  Come with me. 	
BENN	 This is, this is your room.  This is where you'll sleep.  This is your bed.  And, um… out here…
HEATHER	I had my own room which was very nicely made up - had a nice bed with a new quilt on it.  So that was all very tidy and… yeah, it didn't worry me at all.  Um, everything was 
BEN	And then this is where we all eat dinner.  And, ah, we've got veges... 
HEATHER	Well, I thought I was going to be there for six months so I did take some personal possesions with me.  Not a huge amount, but, just things that were sentimental to me. 
HEATHER	There's no electricity going so it's not like there's a radio going or anything like that, so you, you just hear the outside noises.  But very peaceful.  Very, very quiet.  
HEATHER	I just thought it was exciting, so…  I wasn't really a big TV watcher, I was a reader, so it didn't really bother me.  I just thought it was something different would be just a really cool experience.  
HEATHER	He wants me to meet the pigs.  	
CORNELIUS	Goodo.  Get him to tell you about the school house.  	
HEATHER	School house? 	
CORNELIUS	Work in progress.  Gotta have a school house. 	
BENN	That's the piglet's mum.  She'll be ready for butchering soon. 	
BENN	This is where we milk our cow, Bluebell.  I named her.  It was in a book I read.  	
HEATHER	I thought his son was lovely.  She was just such a gorgeous kid.  He told me his mum had left with one of the cattle musterers and taken his younger brother with her.  
HEATHER	Bluebell's a good name. 	
BENN	This was Mum's milk separator.  My mum took off.. 	
HEATHER	Hey, I… I don't think we should be… 	
BENN	Jed's my little brother.  Dad was really cut up about it.  	
HEATHER	You, too, I imagine.  	
BENN	I'll show you the chooks.  	
HEATHER	OK. 	
HEATHER	He's shown me the, um…  Oh. 	
CORNELIUS	I was just putting your things out for you.  I hope you don't mind.  So, you play the flute?
HEATHER	Um… yeah, just a bit.  I'm not very good.  	
CORNELIUS	Well, we should find out.  Maybe have a tune tonight, eh, Benn? 	
BENN	Yeah, sure! 	
HEATHER	No, honestly.  It's just a hobby. 	
BENN	The kids were all happy.  The dogs were too.  They ate their dinner quick… qui… quickl… quickly!
HEATHER	 Quick…ly 	
CORNELIUS	Schoolwork before breakfast.  You have got him fired up.  	
HEATHER	Oh, thanks, Bill.  You don't have to do this every morning, you know. 	
CORNELIUS	I need something hot when I get back from the cattle.  You sleep, me work.  Sunrise and me: we're best of mates.  Eh, Benn?
HEATHER	It was just lovely.  I, I didn't have to do much.  You know, I mean, wash my dishes or wash my clothes, and, you know, maybe sweep the floor, and teaching Benn correspondence.  You know, we went for horse rides, and he did all the cooking, and, yeah it was just, it was quite picturesque and, um, it was just really nice.  
CORNELIUS	Oh, and, ah, if you hear a bang later, don't worry.  It's just the hunters.  Trespassing. 
HEATHER	So five sixes are…? 	
BENN	Thirty. 	
HEATHER	Hey!  Come on, you can't get through with it that easy.  Six sixes? 	
HEATHER	I understand now looking back that that first month was actually a period of grooming, um, for what he intended to do anyway.  Um, but at the time I, I didn't understand that.
CORNELIUS	'Nother hour, I reckon.  Maybe we should make a cuppa while we wait, eh? 	
HEATHER	Hey, um, if you'll show me how, maybe tomorrow morning I can do the porridge.  And dinner.  You can't do everything.  
CORNELIUS	Oh yeah. Thanks.  If you don't mind.  I mean, you do some cooking and, ah, I'll get a chance to finish off the school house.  Oh, that reminds me,  …take a trip into town tomorrow.  Get Benn's next correspondence stuff.
HEATHER	Great.  Maybe I'll go write a letter, then. 	
CORNELIUS	Miss Petrie.  And I'd like to put some money into Miss Petrie's Post Office account, Ange, if, ah, that's no bother.  
ANGELA	Sure, I'll, I'll get a form.  	
CORNELIUS	You need some shampoo, too, eh? 	
HEATHER	I do, yeah, but I need to post this.  	
CORNELIUS	I'll get this off for you.  You check on Benn.  Wait for me. Then we'll go to the store together, eh.  You don't need to be paying for shampoo.  "All found", I said, eh?
HEATHER	Oh, OK.  Thanks, Bill.  That's lovely.  	
ANGELA	There we are.  	
CORNELIUS	Thanks, Ange.  I'll fill that in later.  	
CORNELIUS	I'll tell you what, me and Ben'll head off tomorrow arvo and, ah, you can have a nice, hot bath in front of the fire.  Use some of that shampoo we bought ya.  
CORNELIUS	 There you go.  Come on, Benn.  Let's give Heather some privacy, eh?  We'll take a ride for a couple of hours.  You enjoy your bath.  
CORNELIUS	Woah. Bugger.  Benn!  Forgot my smokes.  You wait here a minute, OK?  Be back in a minute.  
HEATHER	He's fast asleep.  		
CORNELIUS	Oh good.  		
HEATHER	It was very, very cold.  It never snowed while I was there but it was bitterly cold.  		
CORNELIUS	Bloody freezing.  Hot coffee and warm toes, eh.  Warm yours too, if you like.  Better than your freezing bedroom.  There you go.  You can take it in there, if you like.  
HEATHER	Because I'd spent a month with him and I quite trusted him, I confided in him something quite awful that had happened to me, um, relatively recently that I hadn't really told anybody else.  
HEATHER	Nearly two (	) years ago I had a car accident and I ended up in, um, 		
CORNELIUS	Got a few battle scars myself.  Pigs going me.  The ex.  You OK? 		
HEATHER	They're different kinds of scars.  		
HEATHER	I'd had to go to hospital for a couple of nights and while I was there I was indecently assaulted by a doctor. Maybe that's what made me feel vulnerable to Bill.  I'd already been made to feel powerless.  I already felt that people could do things to me that I couldn't do anything about and that noone would ever believe it could have happened. 
CORNELIUS	You're a beautiful woman.  I can see how a man might be tempted.  But forcing himself upon you like that, it's just crap.  He's a bloody loser.  You've just got to put it all behind you now.  You know, put it all behind you and you win, he loses.  Yeah?
CORNELIUS	You're a beautiful girl.  		
HEATHER	The first time I did consent to sex.  But it was not far into it when I came to my senses and realised 'I don't want to be doing this.  He's old.  What am I doing?'.  But I felt it was too late.  I remember the next morning I actually got my period, which was quite good because I thought, oh well, there's an excuse I can use because I didn't want to do that again at all.   And I thought that would keep him away.
CORNELIUS	You awake?  I know you're awake.  Breakfast in bed for my girl.  Special treat for the woman I love.  I fancied you from the first time I saw you, eh.  What a night!  We're gonna be good together, you and I, eh, you'll see.  You're young.  We're gonna have lots of babies, aren't we?  But!  Work before pleasure.  I gotta get into it.  You enjoy your breakfast.  
HEATHER	Over those next few days he just starting acting really weird.  Like, scary weird.  It was like he was a different person.  Like he was happy.  Really happy.  It was very, very scary.  Then after, I don't know, maybe four or five days he came to my room and, and hopped on the bed... And I said I didn't want to, but he would say things like 'oh, but, you know, we already have' and 'I love you' and 'we can have babies' and all this kind of stuff, and would just, just force himself on me.  I think because I thought that I had actually consented as an adult, I felt responsible.  So even though I was saying no and he wasn't listening, he made me feel like I couldn't say no.  And it just got increasingly scary.  
BENN	I'm done!  Eleven and twelve times.  		
HEATHER	I'm coming.  		
CORNELIUS	Don't forget Bluebell.  		
HEATHER	But I, I, I have to take Benn through his… 		
CORNELIUS	He can go with ya.  He likes Bluebell more than he likes his schoolwork.  Don't you, Benn?  
CORNELIUS	Do as you're bloody well told! 		
HEATHER	He started getting angry at things.  Getting violent.  How he spoke changed.  So… He started swearing a lot.  He was cruel to animals.  He became quite aggressive.  Beating horses, beating dogs with alkathene pipe.  Kicking… yeah, things like that.  So I had this person who was really nice, then I had the same person who was kind of this elated weirdo, and then this person who was aggressive and angry and violent and scary all in one - and I never knew which one he was gonna be from any hour of the day.
CORNELIUS	Get up, you mongrel!  Get up! 		
HEATHER	And all the time, my things kept going missing.  He slowly took away anything that connected me with my life outside the valley.  
CORNELIUS	I found your wee pills.  Your contraception pills.  Ha.  Crafty.  		
HEATHER	 Please.  Please.  I'm filth… I'm filthy.  		
CORNELIUS	All that cleanliness crap, it's overrated.  Germs make you stronger.  What do you want me to do, eh?  You want me to clean myself up as well?  You want me to use that deodorant shit, ha?  Soften myself up with soap?  Is that what you want?  Is that what you want?
CORNELIUS	You'll move into my room tonight.  Don't stop.  Two hundred strokes.  You'll move into my room tonight.  
HEATHER	No.  I, I won't.  Wh… what'll Benn think? 		
HEATHER	Please.  Please.  He's still awake.  		
CORNELIUS	You'll move into my room.  Tonight. 		
CORNELIUS	That's my mirror.  You don't look at that.  You understand?  Oh, stop your crying.  I'm sick of you crying.  OK.  No more tears.  
HEATHER	The psychological abuse was a big part of it.  I was only nineteen  - just a kid.  And I didn't know how to handle the situation.  And then things got worse.  
HEATHER	I felt so scared and sad when I realised I was pregnant. This wasn't how I ever expected I would become a mother.  And now I felt even more trapped. 
CORNELIUS	I'm not taking you to the fucken doctor.  What's the matter with you? 		
HEATHER	I think I might be pregnant.  		
CORNELIUS	Well.  We'd better dig out a pair of shoes, eh.  Give you a bloody good wash down, sort you out for the visit, eh.  Don't want the doctor thinking you've let yourself go.  First though…  
CORNELIUS	There's something bloody sexy about a pregnant woman.  And by the way: you speak to anyone out there about you and me, I'll kill ya.  And your family.  
HEATHER	I thought the pregnancy check could be an opportunity to escape.  But we got to the doctors and him and his son came in with me into the waiting room, which I hadn't planned on.  And the doctor that I saw was very severe and stern and looked very obviously disapproving of some young, unmarried woman that was pregnant.  And so she was quite cold and so I didn't feel I could trust her.  
DOCTOR	You can sit over there.  Well, you are pregnant.  We just have to work out the dates.  So, we can do scans at the end of the first trimester.  For now, carry on as normal. And try and get your weight up a bit.  How's your diet?
HEATHER	It's fine.  		
CORNELIUS	You speak to anyone out there about you and me, I'll kill ya.  		
CORNELIUS	Folks down here call me crazy, I walk the lonely… And this crazy love is all I can do.
HEATHER	Oh, he was over the moon.  Scary.  I had to hop back in the truck with him and go back to the valley and that was just devastating because it was an opportunity to escape, and I wasn't getting many, and it wasn't safe enough so I couldn't do it.  
HEATHER	I went out to the toilet, which is an out house, and I thought 'oh, I can cry for like thirty because if I cry any more then it's going to show, so I'd try and get some sort of release that way.  But I couldn't.  By this stage I'd been two months in the valley.
HEATHER	I realised very quickly that there's no way I could escape, like, I couldn't leave the property.  I mean, I couldn't leave on foot.  It was too far.  And I had been asked by the police 'well, you know, did, did he lock you up, you know, lock you in a room?', and, and I've said 'well, he didn't need to because I couldn't leave.  You can't leave.  You wouldn't survive anyway, you'd, you'd get hypothermia.  On a very regular basis...threatened that, oh well, he'd just push me off the condemned bridge into the gorge, and he said 'it won't kill you but you'll probably break your legs and, and you can just stay there, like, you can just die a slow death down there'.  I mean, there was always the threat of him feeding me to the pigs alive, um, that, that was a constant.  Then he came up with - he would keep me in a cave.  Um, because there were caves on the property, and he said, um, 'no..noone will know you're there.  You'll starve or you'll die of thirst in there, and... if you have any babies, well I, I can't explain those, so I'll, I'll have to kill those and feed them to the pigs', and, and that was a real threat that, um, he held over me all the time, so I never knew when that was going to happen.  I never knew if I was going to die that day.  Or whether I was going to be tortured, or whether I was going to be at the bottom of a gorge or was I going to the cave today.  I had no idea.  
BENN	Thank you. 		
CORNELIUS	Don't think you'll be needing all that, do you?  You'll be getting bigger than those pigs at this rate.  She's getting fat, Benn.  
BENN	She isn't. 		
CORNELIUS	I've been thinking about this family… while I've been out in the bush chasing cattle.  Building's going to go on hold.  The school house can stay as it is.  And, you, Benn, you're gonna do more work around the place and less time on those bloody books. 
HEATHER	But, what… 		
CORNELIUS	And you're gonna keep this place a lot bloody cleaner.  You're gonna learn how to milk that cow properly, weed the vege patch…  Eat up.  You're both gonna be busy.
HEATHER	I became kind of like a work slave.  The work load was phenomenal.  I was so physically and emotionally exhausted that I felt really confused, to the point where I couldn’t even make a proper decision.  
HEATHER	And then he'd do things to keep me off balance. 		
CORNELIUS	That looks heavy, love.  Why don't you put it down, I've got something to show you. 		
HEATHER	Um, where are my shoes? 		
CORNELIUS	Look, darl, another pregnant cow.  		
CORNELIUS	Don't you move. 		
CORNELIUS	Take that inside and you cook it up.  Next time you piss me off that will be in there, and this will be you.  
HEATHER	I don't know, I just sort of, cracked, I just couldn't cope with it anymore.  And, he was home, and I went outside and, I just started running.  And I ran across the condemned bridge and ran up the track, and ran into a little patch of bush.  I very quickly realised 'oh my gosh, he thinks I've tried to run away, and he's come after me'.  So then I thought 'what's going to happen to me now?'.  
HEATHER	He drove me to the top of a high bluff, and I thought 'Oh this it.  I've gone too far.  He's gonna throw me off'.  And I really thought 'I'm gonna die'. 
CORNELIUS	Why can't you be happy here?  Look at this place.  Look at it.  It's bloody paradise, darling. Paradise.  
HEATHER	I just… It's, it's like you said… It's hard without TV and radio.  I just miss all that.  		
HEATHER	He seemed to believe me, but when we got back to the house he told his son I didn't want to be there anymore.  
HEATHER	It's not you.  I…I, I just miss my family.  		
BENN	No, please don't go.  Who's gonna teach me?  Who's gonna read to me?  Please don't go.
HEATHER	Hey, it's OK.  I… I'll stay.  OK, I promise I'll stay.  It's OK.  		
HEATHER	Raped again that night. 		
SHIRLEY	Dear Heather.  It's been some weeks since Dad and I heard from you and we're getting very concerned.  It would certainly ease our worry a bit if you could telephone and let us know how you're getting along.  
CORNELIUS	No letters for ya.  Maybe you should make a call.  Let them know you're doing OK.  What do ya reckon?
HEATHER	Alright. 		
CORNELIUS	I'll listen in, eh?  Just to be sociable.  Now, you keep sitting here.  And don't talk to anyone, you understand?  
HEATHER	Wh…where are you going? 		
CORNELIUS	I'm just going in to see my mates for a cuppa. 		
CORNELIUS	Just thought I'd check the community notices, if that's alright. 		
SERGEANT	It's public information, I guess.  		
CORNELIUS	You guess right, Sergeant.  		
HEATHER	The mind games continued.  Some of it just seemed to be for his own amusement.  
CORNELIUS	Here.  You'll fit into those before too long.  Once you lose all that fat off your lazy bones.  
CORNELIUS	Twelve minutes.  Excellent.  Turn right instead of left.  Eh.  Keep on going all the way into town.  Hide in the bush if I have to.  I know what's going on in there.  Noone leaves from here.  You try, you die.  Go on.  Another lap should do you.  Go on.  
BENN	Hey, there's one here for Heather.  She'll be pleased.  		
CORNELIUS	Right.  We'll be sad though, eh?  Her Mum and Dad still want her to go home. They don't like her being with us.  She'll probably want to up and leave again.  
BENN	But, but she can't.  I don't want her to go. 		
CORNELIUS	I know.  Me neither.  But, don't worry.  I'll think of something, son. Oh, I've forgotten to post her letter to them.  You go and jump in the car, son.  
CORNELIUS	(I) Put your money in.  		
HEATHER	Did you post my letter? 		
CORNELIUS	Yep.  Didn't we, Benn? 		
HEATHER	Anything for me? 		
CORNELIUS	Maybe soon, eh.  Got some bills though.  What's for dinner?  This?  		
CORNELIUS	George. 		
GEORGE	Bill. 		
CORNELIUS	You been hunting?  		
GEORGE	Nah.  		
HEATHER	His ex wife, Joanne, that left before I went to work in the valley, had actually run off with another brother, not a musterer, and Bill was planning to make them pay.  
CORNELIUS	So, you got news for me, George?  It's been months since I put money on the table.  I want the job done.  
HEATHER	It's gotta be made to look like an accident.  Like they did each other in, or something.
CORNELIUS	She took my boy.  She took Jed.  Now I have to go through the fucken courts to see my own son.  Well.  My ex wife and my own fucken brother.  I want them dead.  You know, screw all this court bullshit.  I want them dead.  
HEATHER	I believed by now that he was capable of anything. 		
CORNELIUS	You won't be needing that.  You're still crafty, eh?  Still scheming.  Well, I know everything about you.  Punky.  Yeah.  Cos I can look right inside your head.  I wonder how Freddy is.  Ha?  Do you still miss him?  You see?  Cos I know.  Now get these clothes off.  You've got a long journey tomorrow.  
HEATHER	I just believed he could read my mind.  My boyfriend used to call me a nickname, Punky.  You know, it wasn't like 'sweetheart' or something you could have guessed.  It was nothing he could have guessed.  
CORNELIUS	Fucken court access.  Some court's telling me that when I can see my own fucken son.  It's a bloody joke.  Cat got ya tongue?
CORNELIUS	Might be a good thing if it has.  Cos, one word outta line on this wee trip, and I swear to God I'll slice up your whole God damn family.  Including this one.  Hmm.  Hungry pigs.  Coathanger.  They've got supper.  
HEATHER	When Joanne left she'd taken Bill's younger son with her and left Benn in the valley with his father.  Bill was fighting really hard to win custody of both boys, but in the meantime, in the school holidays, they'd swap the kids.  
CORNELIUS	Give me your fucken shoes.  You're gonna write a statement.  And, you're gonna say how much me and Benn miss Jed.  And, what a good father I am to the them both.  
HEATHER	Why?  What's it…? 		
CORNELIUS	Because!  I got plans.  I'll tell you what to write.  And then my lawyer'll put it into a proper affidavit, and you are going to fucken well sign.  OK.  I reside with Bill and his son Benn in a farm cottage… 
HEATHER	At a later date we actually went to family court and I had to get up in the witness stand and swear on the bible that what I'd said in the affidavit was true, which was really devastating for me because I knew it was lies.  I knew I didn't write it.  I didn't agree with it.  But I was in a Court of Law and I'd sworn on a bible.  That was very hard.  At the end of the August holidays I thought there might be an opportunity to escape, so I took a chance.  
HEATHER	Hey, um, after we drop Jed off, I need some stuff.  		
CORNELIUS	What now? 		
HEATHER	I made up an excuse that I needed to get some more underwear from home, because I thought he'd probably let me go.  
CORNELIUS	Remember: one word from you… 		
HEATHER	I won't be long.  		
CORNELIUS	You can stay for a bit, I'll pick you up later.  Pay your folks another visit.  		
HEATHER	I think it was just my Mum was there, and I didn't tell her what was happening - all I said was 'oh, I'm pregnant, I don't want to go back'.  
SHIRLEY	Is it his?  The baby.  		
HEATHER	No.  No, Mum, it isn't.  It's… um… It's just…  Look, I'll, I'll go out there now and I'll tell him that I'm not going back with him.
SHIRLEY	I'll come with you.  		
HEATHER	No.  Just let me talk to him.  If you just stay here for maybe two or three minutes I'll, I'll be right back.  OK?  
HEATHER	 I was scared that if she went anywhere near him that he would hurt her.  And… I said 'I'll just run down, I'll say I'm not going back and then I'll come back'.  I didn't realise it but, my escape attempt was futile.  Mentally I was completely under his control.  When I said I wasn't going back he just turned back into that person that he'd been that first month, and I hadn't seen that person for quite some time.  And he was very upset.
CORNELIUS	If you do that I'll never get Jed back.  Benn will probably have to live with his mother as well. She's not a good mother, Heather.  You know, there's abuse in that environment.  Benn wants to stay in the valley.  You know that.  Look, I'll never touch you again.  I swear.  But, just... please... come back with me.  I'm begging you.  
HEATHER	All of a sudden I felt that I was responsible for this boy's life, and by me leaving, then this is what would happen to him.  And I could stop that.  For many years, I mean, that was another reason I, I never came forward because I just didn't understand why I did that, when I'd been suffering all of that and then I had a chance to escape, and I couldn't understand it.  But, later on, with learning about psychology and Stockholm Syndrome...  I understand now that actually, I actually didn't have a choice.  I was that controlled.  
CORNELIUS	You forgot your underwear. 		
HEATHER	He just went very quiet and had a vibe about him that I had not experienced before.  He drove off into this rest area, and it was quite secluded.  He was just, like, dead behind 
HEATHER	No.  No.  No.  		
HEATHER	I really believed he, he was just going to kill me and, and dump me there.  He finished and he just hopped back in his drivers side, never said a word, and, um, drove me back down to the valley.  It was a whole new degree of terrifying.
CORNELIUS	So, you wanna leave.  		
CORNELIUS	You wanna leave?  That's fine.  But you're not gonna take the baby.  		
HEATHER	Then he raped and sodomised me. 		
HEATHER	The next morning he, um, got really aggressive and mad because I'd made such a mess in the bed - cos the sheets were all filthy and covered in blood and, um, I was told to clean that filthy mess up and, um…  Still wasn't allowed to wash or... I think I had a bit of a towel, a towel that I could use.  Because I was living in such a horrific situation, and, um, so ugly, all I learnt to do was if, if I was doing the washing I, I just looked at the bush and that was just goodness.  It was goodness and it was purity and it was clean and it was untouched.
HEATHER	I still think it's a beautiful place.  I mean, I always thought it was a beautiful place.  And the fact that it was so beautiful  is part of what helped me to survive.  
CORNELIUS	Bloody hunters.  I had to take a coupla' shots over their head today just to scare 'em off.  Private fucken property, this.  Don't think they'll be back in a hurry though.  But, just in case, I'm off to lay some bait.  OK?  Coupla' dead pig dogs, that'll stop them coming back, eh.  
BENN	You're still gonna go away, aren't you?  You're gonna go see your sister's baby.  		
HEATHER	I had no idea my sister had had her baby.  And then I realised the only way Benn could know is if he'd been told.  
HEATHER	I figured out that Bill must've been stealing my mail and learning about me from my friends and family.  He hadn't been inside my head at all.  
HEATHER	Finally things started to make sense.  It was like I'd been released from a mental prison.  This was the turning point that gave me the strength to believe I could plan an escape and really do it.  
HEATHER	I stole one of his cheques, and I folded it up really small and I unpicked some stitching in my bra, um, and I tucked it in there, um, and cos I thought, well, because I knew he'd been searching through my stuff and going…  I thought he wouldn't, he'll never find it.  And it'll always be on me.  
BENN	Nine and a half.  		
HEATHER	Good.  		
HEATHER	So I made sure I was getting fitter, um, that I was getting stronger, and that instead of feeling diminished every day, it was more of a strengthening exercise that was helping me prepare for that opportunity to escape.
CORNELIUS	We're going up bush to do some work.  Cooked meal when we get back.  'Bout midday.  OK?  Benn - come and help me saddle the horses, boy.  Have that feed ready - three or four hours.
HEATHER	I went 'round the back of the truck and there was a, a pig on the back, tied up, and I thought ' I can't drive the truck into town because the pig might be on the back, like, overnight, and that's really cruel, and I can't do that to the pig', which is pretty silly really.  So I went and got his son and I said 'oh, can you please take the pig off, I'm going to go and get firewood'. 
BENN	We've got firewood.  Why do we need more? 		
HEATHER	I just… I, I thought I'd be helpful.  		
BENN	So, can I come with you, then? 		
HEATHER	No.  No, no.  I, I, I, need you to stay here and keep an eye on this pig until your dad comes home.  OK?  
BENN	OK. 		
HEATHER	Good.  Good.  You're a good boy, Benn.  		
HEATHER	It was just devastating because he was waving goodbye and I knew I wasn't coming back and I was abandoning him in that environment, and, yeah, it was horrible.  I carried that guilt for most of my life.
HEATHER	I stopped and closed every gate I went through, um, because every time I just thought 'well, OK, I've just got to have a back up plan in case he catches me that I can talk my way out of it, so if I do things that don't look like I'm escaping, you know, maybe I can save my 
CORNELIUS	Where's the bloody car?  Where is she? 		
BENN	She's gone.  		
GEORGE	She's locked the bloody keys in.  		
CORNELIUS	Jemmy the bloody window.  		
HEATHER	So I drove into town and I left the truck there, and, with the keys on the table with a note saying 'please take this down tomorrow', thinking 'oh well, I'm still covering myself in case I get caught'.
HEATHER	I went to the Post Office and I drew some money out. 		
HEATHER	Thank you.  Um, and could you please tell me when the next bus leaves? 		
ANGELA	There aren't any today.  You might get a taxi from Ohakune. 		
TAXI DRIVER	Can't help you, love, I've got a pick up.  		
HEATHER	Yeah, for Ohakune.  It's me.  I'm the one who called.  I thought I'd run out and meet you. Now, I need to make it to the Ohakune bus station.  
TAXI DRIVER	No buses from there today, love.  Ah, look, we might make the one from Waiouru though.  
HEATHER	Oh, that... that's... that's good. That's fine.  Let's go. 		
CORNELIUS	She's fucken dead!  		
HEATHER	Then I got too scared to go to the bus station so I actually jumped off at, um, a place called Te Manga junction, which is where the road would intersect that you'd either go down to the Mount or turn off to Tauranga.  And I ran from there, down through the back streets in the dark, sort of half way down towards the Mount, and, um, went to my boyfriend's place.  And I think I got there at ten-thirty at night.
HEATHER	Freddie.  		
HEATHER	I stayed, um, at my boyfriend's for a few days but I was just terrified, I couldn't sleep, every time I heard a, a vehicle I was… yeah, I was just a wreck.  I never went into any detail.  I didn't know how to tell anybody.  On the one hand I didn't think anyone would believe me, and, then, there was the fear of what might happen to them.  I was still in survival mode so I didn't trust anybody.  Nobody.  
HEATHER	No… I'm fine, Mum.  I'm fine.  		
HEATHER	He'd always said, you know, 'noone's gonna believe you.  I'll just get you.  I'll kill everyone. And I just thought, you know, 'he's just gonna turn up here and he's gonna put me in his truck, and… and I'll be back there and I'll never get out.  
JOANNE	It's Heather, isn't it?  I need your help.  		
JOANNE	It's lies.  It was all lies and you knew that. 		
HEATHER	How did you find me? 		
JOANNE	I understand why you wrote it…Why you signed it…  But you can speak up in court now; tell them how he intimidated you.  This is the last custody hearing.  This is the future of my 
HEATHER	Does…does he know… where I am?  Does he? 		
HEATHER	How did you find me? 		
JOANNE	It wasn't that hard.  There's not many Petrie's in Tauranga, so… 		
HEATHER	Oh God.  		
JOANNE	I didn't scare your parents, I promise.  I spoke to your Mum, told her I was an old friend from school.  She told me you were here, so I…
HEATHER	This… this is our place!  And you've brought this here? 		
JOANNE	I need your help. 
HEATHER	He'll… he'll know where I am.  He'll know.  He'll find out.  		
JOANNE	There are others, too, you know.  There'll be more. 		
HEATHER	I can't help you.  I'm sorry. I won't help you.  So, can you please leave.  		
JOANNE	Benn sent his love.  		
HEATHER	I might've escaped from the valley, but I couldn't escape my fear of Bill Cornelius.  
HEATHER	It would take twenty three years, but in I found the courage to tell my story.  
HEATHER	I had been having some counselling, but again I'd, I'd never spoken about what had happened.  Even at counselling I just…I just couldn't go there.  And, I really felt like I was starting to unravel.  
DEMCHY	So, why now, after all this time? 		
HEATHER	I spent my life living in fear… hiding.  Suffering post traumatic stress.  For over twenty years.  Still, I managed to move on.  I married Freddy in.  We had six children.
DEMCHY	You just push on, ha? 		
HEATHER	You just carry on with life.  And I felt safe.  Until Freddy passed away suddenly in 				.  
HEATHER	My oldest was ten and a half and my youngest was one and a half.  It just came rushing back up and… So, for a while I couldn't understand 'why am I thinking about that?  That happened a long time ago, like, that doesn't... it's not relevant.  I don't understand.'  Um, but it was because I didn't feel safe anymore, and I still believed he could get me.  Um, so that had never left.  It had... it had just been put in remission.
HEATHER	I've spent a lot of my adult life, especially after my husband died, in a kind of hiding.  Keeping very isolated.  Keeping off the grid.  
HEATHER	For a lot of my life I've felt a huge guilt for all the other victims, because I know there were victims before me and I know there were victims after me, and because I didn't speak up I felt responsible.  I felt guilty.  
DEMCHY	You've got no reason to feel guilty.  You've come forward now, and that, that's a brave thing to do.  
HEATHER	Yeah.  Well, I thought if I do this, you know, maybe this'll stop.  Maybe I'll stop having the panic attacks. Maybe I'll be better.  
HEATHER	When I laid my complaint in September 2008 the police investigation led to seven other known victims, three of whom made formal complaints.  I was told then it would be eighteen months to two years to get to court.  
HEATHER	Going through the court process for four years nearly took my life.  The intensity and, and the length of time of having to live in that heightened state was emotionally crippling.  Because I had been afraid of this man all my life, and I had been, in effect, hiding from him all my life, and, and now I'd laid a complaint so I had alerted him to me.  So, my belief that he or a member of his family or someone he knew might come and  get me was very, very real.  And I had to live with that every day for four years.  
HEATHER	But early in 2012 I received the news that he had been deemed unfit to stand trial because of a diagnosis of mild dementia, and that he was going to walk free.  And, that was devastating news, and at that stage he still had name surpression, and I just couldn't live with that.  So I went to the media.  
NEWS ANCHOR	Cornelius was first charged at the end of 				.  		
HEATHER	The final hearing was in, was on June fifteen 2012.  He was formally dismissed from court and then they addressed the name surpression issue.  So my name surpression was lifted and then he lost his name surpression.  
MARK SAINSBURY	No regrets about unmasking yourself? 		
HEATHER	No, not at all.  I made that firm decision to not be living in fear and hiding anymore, because there is no need.  Um, so, it's quite liberating.  
HEATHER	I felt strong because I wasn't that nineteen year old captive anymore.  Um, I was a grown woman and I was speaking out about what he'd done, and I was holding him accountable.  It's not an easy thing to do, it's a terrifying thing to do.  
HEATHER	Standing up to, to your offender and taking the power back, and holding them accountable in whatever way is possible, um, is, really important. Um, it certainly helps you move forward as a survivor.  
