(MYTHICA 5)
Thane	Head shots, decapitation and fire.

Golgotian Gunner	Unleash Hell!

Young Woman	Help, somebody!

Young Woman	Please help, please. Please, please help my father.

Teela	I cannot help him. It has been too long. He is beyond reach now, I'm sorry.

Thane	Take her to the pyre. Now. 

Thane	I’m sorry, you have to believe me,  he was no longer your father.

Thane	Take him quickly to be burned. There's no end to it. How can we fight against all this? Marek was a fool to take that crown. Why didn't you stop her?

Teela	Mortals have been known to see a way forward, even when the gods have no answers for their prayers.

Thane	So much dead already.

Teela	Thane, we have our part to do. We must have faith that Marek and Dagen will do theirs. 

Thane	Do you, have faith in Marek?

Teela	What other hope is there?

Szorlok	Hear me, gods! Your power fades as your worshipers die and rise again as my servants. This world is mine! All of you together could not stand against me.

Young Woman	Come with me, look. Don't be scared.

Young Woman	It’s Commander Thane..

Teela	They look up to you.

Thane	They feel safe behind the wall.

Rohgar	Commander Thane.

Thane	Thank you, lad. Tell me you bring good news.

Argus	Every city they take, their armies grow tenfold.

Rohgar	To keep fighting is madness. We must offer terms for our surrender.

Teela	Szorlok will show no mercy. To surrender is death. Your death, your people's death. Perhaps even the death of the gods.

Thane	Let them die then. They've done nothing to help us.

Teela as Ana Sett	Do not profane the gods, Thane. I have come to aid this world at great peril to myself, just as Tek, the God of the Forge, once did. And he paid an ultimate price. Do not take our death lightly. If we immortals die, much that is precious will die with us.

Thane	Then call them down to fight for us. Maybe then we'd have a chance.

Teela	They will not, they all fear the fate of Tek.

Argus	Then we cannot win.

Thane	We must give them more time.

Argus	Them, commander?

Thane	Send a horse to find, take it to Marek. Tell them I'll make haste. Tell them, they're our only hope.

Szorlok	Come to me, Marek. You can save them.

Dagen	Hey, did you have a good sleep? Nice to be back in civilized lands.

Marek	It's colder than it should be.

Dagen	Say what you will about the Admiral, but her clothes suit you perfectly. Something wrong?

Marek	Nothing. I can't work it out in my head. Why I did it, this crown for the Darkspore. I mean I know why I did it, but now that it's done, I can't help feeling like I've made a terrible mistake. People are dying, Dagen.  It's my fault.

Dagen	No, do not look back. Just stick to the plan. By nightfall, we'll be at Hammerhead's. We'll get Tek's hammer and we'll destroy the Darkspore. Once and for all. Rather have that crownthan the curse of black stone any day.

Marek	Szorlok said my mother carried the Darkspore before I was born.

Dagen	He'd say anything to get to you Marek. Don't let him.

Marek	I don't remember anything about my mother. For as long as I can remember, I was raised as an orphan in slave camps. Till I was old enough, maybe  years, when I was sold to the apothecary.

Dagen	Well, then you could sayanything about your mother  and you would never know whether or not

Marek	But what if it's true? What if he did know her? What if she did carry the Darkspore? Could explain what I am. Do you ever think about where you came from?

Dagen	Me? I was born in a whorehouse, Marek.  It's fitting, I know. My mother was an elf. She was captured ogre slavers and sold to the brothel servicing the king's fifth army regulars.Father was some sort of man, I suppose. Probably a soldier, maybe  a passing tradesman.Some creep with an  appetite for pointed ears. Enough gold to satisfy her.When I was four years old,  I found my mother hanging from a doorpost. She'd taken her own life, you see. And after that, I had a dozen mothers, you might say. Or none. I took to thieving like a baby to bosom. Lots of passing gentlemen with heavy purses. Can't blame the kid, he's just a kid. So they beat me, sometimes till I couldn't stand. Till I escaped the brothel to make my own fortune in the world. But the money came and the money went as quickly as I could steal it and spend it. There's not a lot to be proud of. My life, had a lot of people, that's my legacy. I'm a thief, Marek. That's all I am.

Marek	You're a thief, and I'm a necromancer. We both lost what little we had to call mothers far too young in life.Both of us cursed from the start.

Dagen	No. Now don't you see is, you found me because you needed a thief. I owe everything I have to that. You, Thane, Teela. I wouldn't trade that for anything. Doesn't matter where we came from, we're here, now. Right where the world needs us.

Marek	When I was a slave, that's all I ever wanted. To choose for myself. But I never wanted to choose for the whole world.

Dagen	Careful what you wish for, the saying goes. Hey. I'm sorry. Just have to do our part now. Soon, we can forget about all this. Let somebody else save this wretched world.

Anxious Peasant	Run for your lives!

Woman	I can’t leave them!

Peasant Girl	Mama! Mama!

Marek	Nice shot, Dagen.

Marek	Get them to the wagon.

Dagen	Wait, stop. Wait don't, you have to wait. Go, get inside.

Dagen	Go.

Dagen	Get inside. Go. Don't let anyone come through this door.

Dagen	All cozy? Everyone down on the floor. This should do the trick.

Marek	All clear.

Dagen	Right. I see my quick thinking did the trick. You can come out now. We saved you. Come on. If anyone asks, we're the Redthorns, renowned heroes.

Grim Peasant	You must carry us to safety.

Marek	We're headed back to where you came. It's not safe.

Dagen	Opposite direction actually so  best be on your way.

Anxious Peasant	Alone, we will die. Even one of those monsters, it's more than we can handle. Look at us, have mercy.

Dagen	Listen, you don't understand.Right, we don't have time.

Grim Peasant	I'm not leaving this wagon.

Dagen	Yes you are. Marek, turn them into toads.

Marek	Dagen.

Dagen	Yes.

Marek	We have room in the wagon.

Dagen	Oh don't fool yourself, these people are dead weight.

Marek	They won't make it alone, you know they won't.

Dagen	And if they slow us down? Then we all die, them too.

Marek	There are children here.

Dagen	How many other children are there? How many other peasants? We can't let them distract us.

Marek	Let's get them somewhere safe. Safer.

Dagen	Where?

Marek	Away from here.

Dagen	Where, Marek? There is nowhere safe.

Marek	Then we'll give them the wagon, we'll continue on foot.

Dagen	No we will not. I'm not leaving zombie girl.

Marek	This girl isn't well. She can't keep up. I need you to look after her.

Dagen	Hey, excuse me. When all this is over and I come looking for her, if anything has happened to her, and I mean she is anywhere worse off than she is right now, I will kill you before you can wet yourself. You getting that through your thick round head bone?

Anxious Peasant	I'll take care of her, I swear.

Dagen	Damn right you will. Hey. This skinny ugly man is going to take care of you now. If he do esn't, don't hesitate to rip him in half.

Dagen	I cannot believe you gave away our war wagon.

Marek	Enough Dagen. What have I done?

Hammerhead	It's you.

Marek	Hammerhead. You're hurt, what happened?

Hammerhead	Szorlok's army.  Golgotians, they swept through the city like the  wind, nothing survived. Leave it. I'm dead already.

Marek	Don't talk like that.

Hammerhead	Do you have it? The Darkspore.

Marek	I traded it.

Hammerhead	Dead, we're dead, we're all dead.

Marek	But you wanted the crown for yourself.

Hammerhead	Of course I wanted the crown. I was going to be the king of the Dwarves. That's all pipe ash now.

Marek	The hammer of Tek, we can use it to destroy the Darkspore once and for all.

Hammerhead	The Hammer's gone.Gone where only the dead can be.  Don't waste your last few hours on that. Here's a young fellow right there, show him a good time.

Dagen	Tek took the hammer to the Underworld. There must be a gateway, a portal, something. He found a way in.

Hammerhead	Tek was a god. Who knows how he found his way in there. Curse you, girl.

Marek	Not until I'm done, where is the Underworld?

Hammerhead	Pox! You foul witch. The Underworld, it's here, it's me. It'll be you soon enough too, girl. It's the realm of the dead. If you believe in that sort of thing. Where the spirits convene, those freshly murdered haunting this foul bloody tomb.

Dagen	Where are the bodies? There's no corpses.

Hammerhead	Corpses. They've up and gone off to main and murder. One by one, up they stood. To slay their mates what sat as brothers only moments before. Come back to life. To kill each other. Once I fought my share, I saw my end was sure. I hid myself in the larder. And only came out to see you two sneaking in to torment, what's left of me.

Marek	Battlegrave. There must be a way into the Underworld, at Battlegrave.

Hammerhead	You can die, that's one sure way to the Underworld. You can go there now for all I care. You're just like your mother, relentless.

Marek	You knew my mother?

Hammerhead	Forget it, there's nothing but pain there.

Marek	Tell me.

Hammerhead	There once was a woman. A gypsy woman of low reputation. With hairs black as coal. Belly stretched out from the baby growing inside her. Looking for a dark hole to hide in. Fool that I was, I hid her in the wine cellar. Fed her scraps from the kitchen. There she was alone. Day after day, night after night. In the dark. Till one morning. I came down and heard the wee baby screaming her lungs out. Still attached, her mother cold and dead on the floor. With a dark shard of crystal hung about her neck on the gee. That was her secret, the shard. Sold to a ship's pilot, who would call himself the Admiral. The wee screaming baby. I sold to the slavers. I didn't think I'd be seeing you again so soon.

Marek	Who named me?

Hammerhead	Marek, it's a Dwarvish word. A blacksmith term. Means crooked,like when you finished a perfect blade.  And you look closer and see that there's something about it that's not quite right.  On account of your twisted little foot.

Marek	When we first met, did you know it was me?

Hammerhead	You're the spitting image of your mother. I figured Gojun Pye would tell you when you were old enough. He came that morning tolook after your mother.  Took her away to bury her.

Marek	But he didn't take me. He left me.

Hammerhead	I had already sold you by then. But he looked after you.

Marek	Enough. I've heard enough. We need to go now, to Battlegrave. Do you know where that is, Battlegrave?

Hammerhead	No. I don't know. Which means probably no one else does either. You'll have to look in the archive.

Marek	The archive?

Hammerhead	Under the thieves guild. Wait.  Do me a favor. Burn my body. I don't want to turn.You know. All my life. 

Teela	Why do they not attack? 

Thane	They're waiting for the main force to arrive. Countless thousands of them.

Teela	Is there any hope?
Thane	We will be like hands holding back a raging river. Szorlok isn't with them. I hope Marek is alright.

Teela	For all our sakes.

Szorlok	Marek.

Szorlok	There is no use resisting. We are meant to be together.

Marek	Why? You have the Darkspore, what more do you want from me?

Szorlok’s voice in Dagen’s body	You are to me like an arrow. Crafted to perfection. Sharper than any sword, faster than lightning. Forged with one purpose. To slay the mightiest foe. My dear, I wish more than anything, to see that arrow fly. 

Marek	You won't be surprised then when I fly at you.

Szorlok’s voice in Dagen’s body	I alone, can help you reach your true potential.

Marek	You want to help me? Get out of my head.

Marek	I used to come this way to Gojun's. The whole city, there's nothing left.

Dagen	I think you're mistaken.

Marek	This place is a death trap. Where are these archives?

Dagen	In the catacombs below the thieves guild. It's a vault of sorts, records and artifacts from before Vitalion invasion.

Marek	Lead the way.

Dagen	Light? Thank you. This access. It should get us close. Hello?

Marek	Sh.

Dagen	Thieves used this network. Of sewers and catacombs. Traveled the city unnoticed. I've used them myself a few times.

Marek	Which way?

Dagen	Not that way.

Marek	Maybe we should split up.

Dagen	Are you mad?

Marek	Are we lost?

Dagen	No. Elves have an excellent sense of direction. Perhaps less so underground.

Marek	That's the way we came. The archives wouldn't be far from the guild. They were probably well guarded when the city was overrun. So I'm looking for the darkest blood stains. Which would have tracked away after the fallen soldiers rose from the dead. Now we're following those tracks back down to where the battle would have.

Dagen	Impressive. Sadly however, this is where your powers of deduction are no longer of any use. Step aside my lady. Stand and observe. Takes years of experience. A fine sense, a very deep understanding of all the moving parts.

Marek	How long is this going to take?

Dagen	Sh. Sometimes it's best not to overthink it.

Dagen	Someone left in a hurry.

Marek	All these works were said to be lost. The Vitalions burned everything when they conquered Deira.

Dagen	As well. Can always trust the thieves guild to keep something hidden. We don't give up treasure lightly.

Marek	So much to learn.
Dagen	Unless you want to eat paper and drink hot wax, let's learn what we can about Battlegrave and be on our. Way. This is Guildmaster Leather. It is light as silk but strong as chainmail. And this sword. So perfectly balanced.

Marek	These histories are too recent. Centuries after after the death of the Lich King. I need ancient records before the Deirens even crossed the seas.

Dagen	Perfectly as if crafted just for me.

Marek	And the rise of Amuhn Kah. Dagen, look. It’s in the Old Tongue. It tells of the rise of the Lich King.

Dagen	The Darkspore.

Marek	The gods have no ears. They are deaf to the prayers of the people.

Dagen	That's how I've always seen it.

Marek	Only the God of the Forge took pity. And minu-mesa, I think that means, fell from heaven. To face the Lich King. The power of death overcame the gods that day. In the Valley of Rath, the mighty God of Forge passed on to the world below. That's the Underworld. In the shadow of Warspire, on the dust fields of Battlegrave.

Dagen	Battlegrave, that's it.

Marek	In the Valley of Rath. Find me a map of the Southern Realms. There must be an entrance to the Underworld at Battlegrave. The gods in their anger at the death of one of their own, struck swiftly to split the Lich King's heart asunder. Returning the armies of dead to the ground from whence they came.

Dagen	The Southern Realms, but there's nothing about Battlegrave.

Marek	No, but look. The Valley of Skulls, and Warspire.

Marek	When did my little slave girl get so brilliant? Just, brilliant.

Marek	I'm taking this with us. There may be more in here, about the Underworld and how to get there, apart from dying.

Dagen	Take it with us. Good idea.

Dagen	Marek, we need to move.

Dagen	Marek.

Dagen	Marek. Back, back, back.

Marek	Dagen, over here.

Dagen	They have me, they have my boots. My boots.

Marek	Get the torch.

Dagen	Leave it. Go.

Thane	We gather. For one less stand, here. On the wall.

Rohgar	To what end? It will be a massacre. Szorlok's army is five days away. They march day and night. Never sleep nor eat.

Argus	If we gather to one place, we'll be destroyed. At least spread out, he will have to divide his forces. Our people can hide in hills and caves. Sir.

Thane	There's no hope. Putting off the inevitable. Gathering together in one place will buy us time.

Rohgar	Time for what? What hope do we have?

Szorlok	Marek.

Marek	What do you want from me?

Szorlok	I need your help.

Marek	You've already won. The world is on its knees. What more could you want?
Szorlok	You think I want all this death, all this suffering for nothing? I'm not a monster.

Marek	Then why?

Szorlok	Because the time of the gods is finished. Their power fades as their worshipers die. When they're weak enough, I will overthrow them.

Marek	You'll massacre everyone just to turn around and murder the gods?

Szorlok	With you at my side, Marek. The gods could not withstand our powers combined.

Marek	I won't help you.

Dagen	Marek.

Szorlok	Then the slaughter must continue. Their lives are in your hands now.

Dagen	Marek. Why didn't you answer me?

Marek	Just needed a moment.

Dagen	If something's wrong, you can tell me anything.

Marek	I said I'm fine.

Messenger	Hello the fire.

Marek	Who are you?

Messenger	Messenger. From Commander Thane.

Dagen	Commander Thane.

Messenger	I seek the wizard, Marek. And her half elf companion, the bastard Dagen. Seems I'm in luck. Szolok's armies are three days march now from our collected forces. And when they arrive, they will wash over us like waves on the sand.

Marek	We're  leagues from Battlegrave. That's three days.

Marek	If we had a wagon.

Messenger	My horse is finished, and I have no provisions. I fear I am of no use other than bad tidings.

Dagen	But of course, you'd do anything in your power to help us.

Messenger	Of course.

Dagen	Those are nice boots.

Argus	We have sent riders and carrier pigeons to every outpost in the realm. People are coming. Leaving the land empty. Bringing with them whatever they can carry on their backs.

Thane	Good. Less bodies for Szorlok's armies to possess.

Dagen	Remind me why we're doing this again.

Marek	Because we're the only ones who can.

Dagen	I can't help but feeling that's less of a reason and more of an excuse. You know. We could just abandon this ill fated quest. Go live out by the sea. A nice warm sun. I could fish. You could do the washing, look I, eh. I could wash as well. Have little quarter elf babies with ever so slightly pointed ears. What do you say?

Marek	Sounds lovely.

Dagen	Yeah.

Marek	But it's not me. Szorlok speaks to me.

Dagen	What?

Marek	He speaks to my mind. We're connected through the Darkspore somehow. He says. If I help him defeat the gods, he'll spare the world.
Dagen	That's a nasty dilemma. You can't believe a single word of it. Not a single word.

Marek	And if it's true? If I could stop the killing, I couldn't live with myself, knowing that.

Dagen	You wouldn't live, Marek. None of us would. Anyway, there'll be no one left to regret  not saving.

Marek	It's not funny. It's true. And I don't actually know why we're doing this. You think I don't have my doubts, that I don’t wish I’d given the Darkspore to Ana-Sett and lived with you on the beach, Fyke Dagen. I gave the Darkspore. I gave the Darkspore up for the crown, and now everyone is dying, and it's my fault. I don't know what I'll do if Szorlok comes to me again.

Dagen	No, no, no, no, no, no. Forget everything that I just said. We stick to the plan, remember? First. We go to Battlegrave, find an entrance to the Underworld. And then, we get the hammer. And then. Well then.

Marek	We walk up to Szorlok and smash his black heart into oblivion?

Dagen	Yeah. More or less.

Marek	Do you see how crazy that sounds? How, how impossible each part of the plan is? We're all going to die because of me.

Dagen	Marek, no.

Dagen	Hang on, hang on now. Let's see. Now that we're on foot, we can travel across country due south. So with any luck, there should still be a watering hole. On the high road just on the other side of that mountain right there. From there, we go west to the Valley of Rath. So, if we travel day and night, by sundown on the third day, we should arrive to Battlegrave.

Marek	It's too late. It's too.

Dagen	No, no. We can't rest yet Marek. Just a bit further, come on.

Marek	I can't.

Dagen	Stay with me. Come on. Come on. That's it.

Teela	Thane.

Thane	 What is it?

Teela	The gods are troubled. They sense that Marek's resolve is faltering. That she is tempted to serve Szorlok.

Thane	Never. She will never do that.

Teela	 What if she could stop the bloodshed by joining him?

Thane	 How could that be?

Teela	 Szorlok would give the world to her in exchange for the heavens. He seeks to overthrow the gods.

Thane	 And he would leave the world in peace?

Teela	 The lives of mortals are like flowers in the field. They bloom and die and bloom again. But if the gods perish, the world will be forever changed. We will not allow Marek to aid him.

Thane	 We have to help her.

Teela	 Help her, or stop her.

Marek	 We'll never make it across that.

Dagen	 Rathos' balls. Easy boy, easy. Easy. These are soldier's horses. This is it, Marek. The sign we've been waiting for. The gods are with us.

Marek	 The gods be damned.

Dagen	 There she is. It's good to have you back Marek, my dear.

Dagen	No, have you never ridden before?

Marek	 How long have you known me? I was a slave, remember?
Dagen	 Truly, we are the saddest heroes ever. Lost all four pieces of the Darkspore. Gave away the war wagon. And not all of us can ride a horse.

Dagen	 I have a spell that shrinks body parts. And you've gotten pretty confident lately.

Dagen	 Very good.

Marek	 Warspire.

Dagen	Come on. They're exhausted, we'll go on foot.

Marek	 We can't, people are dying every moment we delay.

Dagen	 Marek, there's nothing left.

Dagen	 Hey. We’ll set up camp soon. Just on the other side of that bridge, there'll be less snow. Come on Marek. A little further, come on.

Szorlok	Marek.

Marek	 Why should I trust you?

Szorlok	 Never trust a man. Only trust his motives. I will stop at nothing to tear the heavens down.

Marek	 Why?

Szorlok	 Why? To become a god, of course. For there is to be no power equal to mine.

Marek	 We know a way to stop you.

Szorlok	 Your life is entwined with the Darkspore. Should you destroy it, you'll destroy yourself. Your heart beats with mine. People are dying, Marek. More blood on your hands. Should you wait too long, there'll be no one left to save.

Marek	 I won't betray my friends. Together we'll find a way to stop you.

Szorlok	 Nothing can stop me. You're nearly at your destination. Where you will lose all hope. Still, even when your friends turn against you, I will come to your aid.

Marek	 Wake up Dagen.

Dagen	 Balls. I dreamt that we were at a great feast. Everyone was dancing. There was a bath filled with wine.

Marek	Here's the last of the rations.

Dagen	 No Marek. That's alright. Here, you take it. 

Marek	 It's Battlegrave.

Dagen	 We made it. Now let's go find that gateway. To the Underworld.

Marek	Here lies Tek. God of the Forge. Slain in battle with Amuhn Kah. An immortal sacrifice to provoke the gods. He can't really have died. Or if he did. He couldn't take the hammer with him, nothing goes with you when you die.

Dagen	A God dies and all he gets is a broken anvil in this forsaken place. They better build a giant temple for me. I want visitors from all over the world and a giant statue made out of gold.

Marek	Don't count on it. There must be a sign, spell, something. Some mention of a hammer. It could be a passage to the Underworld. Shaarok Una-anh. 

Thane	At sunset, they will attack. I want everyone here. Women, children, I don't care. Give them all torches or crossbows. Tell them to stand their ground. They're all going to die anyway if Szorlok's forces get past this barricade. Might as well die fighting.

Teela as Ana Sett	Marek.

Marek	The hammer has to be here somewhere. If Tek really died, he couldn't take it with him.

Dagen	Mortals have to die to get to the Underworld, but if you're dead, you're stuck there of course.

Marek	If Tek left the hammer in our world, where would it be? Just like he said.
Dagen	Who said?

Marek	Szorlok.  He said I'd get here and lose all hope.

Dagen	Szorlok's a liar so let's just take a step backand think things through logically.

Marek	What if I was meant to stop the armies of undead, but not how we thought? If I help Szorlok take down the gods, the killing will stop. We can rebuild.

Dagen	 With Szorlok as the one and only god of this world? And you his what, his queen?

Marek	 No, nothing like that.

Dagen	 There is a way to get that hammer, Marek. I know there is. You had a reason to trade the Darkspore for the Iron Crown, I know you had a reason.

Marek	 Don't have faith in me. I've done everything wrong. I'm just. I'm just guessing and I keep getting it wrong. And you, you and Thane, and Teela. You won't give up on me, you're all fyking mad.

Teela	 Thane. Thane, we need to go, it's Marek. 

Thane	 What about her?

Teela	 She is losing herself, she is giving into Szorlok.

Thane	 No. There must be some mistake.

Teela as Ana Sett	 She is wavering and she will fail us.

Thane	 We can change her mind.

Teela	 I'll take us to her, but I don't have the power to move us many more times.

Teela as Ana Sett	 Marek. Hey, we're all friends here.

Teela as Ana Sett	You've gone too far.

Dagen	 Please.

Teela as Ana Sett	Your resolve has grown weak. You have allowed Szorlok's lies to persuade you.

Marek	 You and all the other gods. You're all weak and afraid. You know Szorlok is coming for you. And yet, you would let everyone die rather than sacrifice one of your own. Isn't it better to let the gods die than to let every living thing turn undead?

Teela as Ana Sett	 You speak blasphemy, necromancer. You cannot be allowed to continue on this path of destruction.

Marek	 Are you here to stop me?

Dagen	 No, no, no, no.

Teela	 Marek. Please don't, I can't resist her will.

Thane	Teela? Teela. So how's this work back.

Dagen	 No no Teela, my good woman, please. Marek's just, she's figuring things out. And she's not siding with Szorlok. She's under a lot of pressure right now. Thane, please just talk some sense into Teela.

Thane	 Marek. Tell us. Tell Ana-Sett, you'll never be lured by Szorlok's plan.

Szorlok	Marek, Necromancer. Your darkness strengthens.

Thane	I know you.

Szorlok	It draws you to me.

Thane	I know you would never.

Dagen	Marek, please just tell them.

Szorlok	Marek I’ve been waiting so long…
Marek	Stop it! All of you! You don't understand. You don't carry this burden. The choices I've had to make. The choices I still have to make.

Teela as Ana Sett	The gods can see what is in your mind.

Marek	Leave me alone!

Teela as Ana Sett	This must never come to be. Foolish mortal. You are like a child in whirlwind. Without the Darkspore, you are nothing more than a common wizard.

Marek	I am anything but a common wizard. I don't need the Darkspore. I am a natural born necromancer.

Dagen	Marek, no you don't have to do this.

Thane	Marek!  No.

Marek	I, I don't want to Thane. The Darkspore, it's a part of me. I have to finish what I was born to do. 

Teela as Ana Sett	You have proven yourself through actions. There's too much at stake.You will not survive this!

Dagen	No, no!

Thane	Teela!  Enough!

Marek	Szorlok, save me.

Dagen	Marek, no! What have you done? She's gone. You have doomed us all.

Dagen	Thane, you idiot! After all we've been through, you know Marek. You know that she would never.

Thane	What, Dagen? Never give away the final piece of the Darkspore. Never join Szorlok to fight us. We all feared this day might come.

Dagen	Oh don't you dare! She saved you Thane, she gave you a new life. And you Teela. I can't hardly look at you and what you've become.

Szorlok	You have come to me at last. As I knew you would.

Marek	I had no other choice.

Szorlok	Your friends have turned against you. They know who you are. What you are. And what you must do, they could never understand us. Marek	There is no us. I'm here to stop you. Kill you, if I get the chance.

Szorlok	Would you like to try? The Darkspore feeds me with the lives of every lost soul. I am infinite power. 

Marek	But it's not enough to defeat the gods. For that, you still need my help.

Szorlok	Come then. Witness for yourself as the gods look on and do nothing. Their subjects are made to suffer, even to death.

Thane	Teela.

Teela	We have to save Marek. You can't let him go. Thane	If you really cared for Marek, you wouldn't give up on her. We can still fight Szorlok. We can defeat him. We can save Marek.

Dagen	How? Thane, tell me how. You're always coming up with such brilliant plans so let's hear it.

Thane	Tek's hammer.

Dagen	We don't have the hammer. Right, it's in the fyking Underworld.

Thane	Then we'll go to the Underworld and get it.

Dagen	Oh, okay. Great, why didn't I think of that? Oh wait, that's right, because you have to die to get to the Underworld, Thane.

Thane	Yeah. That's one way.

Dagen	So unless, you half wit, other than coming back as a zombie, you know of some way to come back from the dead, Thane. Oh, Thane, you are a genius!

Thane	Oh, think this through!
Dagen	It's brilliant. I  can't believe we didn't think of it sooner. We're going to the Underworld.

Thane	Of course. How?

Dagen	We gotta kill ourselves. Are you ready to die?

Marek	Tell me about my mother.

Szorlok	Your mother was a thief. Very skilled thief. Under my guidance, she stole the piece of the Darkspore held within the well of demons for me.

Marek	But she didn't give it to you.

Szorlok	She took the money, but kept the Darkspore. Your mother lacked your, shall we say, integrity.

Marek	My mother left me with nothing.

Szorlok	Her cruelty was a gift. It made you strong. Suffering and oppression are the stones that sharpened you.

Dagen	There should be enough here to kill us both. One drop will knock you out. Two will stop your heart. And three would kill a horse. Three drops for you, my friend.

Thane	But like you said, once we're dead, we can't come back with the hammer.

Dagen	That's not what I said. I said unless we have a way of coming back to life, which oddly enough, we do.

Thane	Teela.

Dagen	Teela.

Teela	Oh. Yes, I can. Of course. Maybe. But you  on't have much time and I can only do this once. The longer your spirit is out of your body, the more impossible it will be for me to bring you back.

Thane	How much time exactly?

Teela	Maybe  heartbeats,  at the most. Any longer and, you might be gone for good. However.

Thane	Yes.

Teela	Time may pass differently in the Underworld.

Dagen	Right. Faster or slower?

Teela	I don't know.

Dagen	Right,  heartbeats. Have to be quick then, no sightseeing in the Underworld.

Thane	Should I lie down?

Dagen	Good idea. 

Thane	Wouldn't call any of this a particularly good idea. In case we don't get back. See you on the other side.

Dagen	For Marek.

Teela	For Marek.

Dagen	Teela, if you could be so kind. Three drops to be sure, four for Thane.

Thane	Fyke.

Thane	We can do this.

Teela	Come back to me.

Thane	I will.

Dagen	It didn't work. Poison must have.

Thane	Give it a minute. Wait, where's Teela?

Dagen	Who's that?
Thane	Has to be, none of other than Tek himself.

Dagen	Greetings. Tek, your godliness. We beseech thee to bestow upon us thy godly hammer.

Thane	We've come for the hammer of Tek. We need it to destroy the Lich King, Szorlok.

Tek	Well, you're dead. There's not much you can do about it now.

Dagen	Well actually, we have a goddess, Ana-Sett, waiting for us on the other side to bring us back. But we don't have much time. What is it going to take to get the hammer?

Tek	You don't have what it takes. I've waited centuries for the right one to come asking for it. I don't see anything in you to convince me otherwise.

Dagen	We're all you've got. No one else is coming, we're it.

Tek	 It's not good enough.

Thane	We're not leaving without that hammer.

Tek	Then welcome, welcome to the Underworld.

Teela	Four. Five. Six.

Szorlok	I'm far beyond that now, Marek. The only question is, how many more lives will be lost before you give in to me? So much needless death. Save them. Save your friends.

Marek	They would rather die than see me help you.

Teela	33.34.35

Thane	So how's this work? We can't very well fight to the death in the Underworld.

Dagen	I don't know. Is there an under Underworld?

Thane	Ah!

Dagen	Ah!

Tek	Can't die, but it still hurts huh?

Thane	This isn't working.

Dagen	You have a better idea?

Teela	.

Dagen	When I touch the hammer, I can see the living world. Thane, we need to hurry! Help! Ah!

Thane	Oh!

Dagen	The Hammer's not dead. The hammer doesn't belong here. It's part of the living world. 

Tek	Yeah, what of it?

Dagen	How did you get it here then?

Tek	It's my hammer and I'm a god. In case you've forgotten, we have our own rules.

Dagen	So how do we get it to the living world?

Tek	You're a clever boy, I'm sure you'll figure it out.

Tek	Ah!

Teela	5354.55.56 I can't wait any longer, even now we run the risk.

Teela as Ana Sett	Patience.

Thane	Ah!

Dagen	You're very strong. I wonder just how hard you could hit me.

Tek	 I could knock you clear out of this valley.

Dagen	Dog's balls you could. I've seen what you've got now. However, I'll give you a clean shot. I mean, I am dead after all.

Tek	So long half elf.

Dagen	Run Thane! 75.76.77 That's it, I'm calling you back.

Dagen	Fyke.

Thane	Aw damnit. It didn't work. Come on Dagen. Come on.

Teela	No, there's no time left, I have to bring him back now.

Dagen	Please. Please, we need this hammer. Everything depends on it.

Thane	Come on Dagen. Running out of time. Come on.

Dagen!

Teela	He's fighting me, he's resisting. He has to let me or I can't.

Thane	Dagen! Come on, live.

Dagen	No, there has to be a way. It's on the tip of my brain, just tell me!

Tek	Last chance, if you don't let go, you'll be stuck here.

Dagen	My life doesn't matter. I can't let her down there, there was a reason that she brought us here. Just like there was a reason that she took the. Crown. The Iron Crown, of course.

Tek	Good. Thane	Come on. No, Dagen! Come on! Dagen! No! No!

Teela	I tried.

Thane	No!

Teela	I tried. I tried.

Marek	Dagen.

Szorlok	You attacked me. Cause of those you call friends. By fighting me, you believe you're staying loyal to them. But look.

Marek	No!

Szorlok	They killed him because he defended you. No, I don't believe it. Thane would never.

Szorlok	You felt him die. You know it's true. Your friends have become pawns. Played by the gods.

Marek	It's her. Ana-Sett, she did this.

Szorlok	The gods will stop at nothing to see you safely dead. They're coming for you.

Marek	Not if I come for them first.

Szorlok	Yes. Open yourself to me. Combine your power with mine and together, we will slay the gods.

Marek	Show me.

Thane	Rest well, my friend. Darkspore can't reach you now. Shouldn't have ended like this.

Teela	It isn't the end. We must hurry now. Stop Marek from joining Szorlok. Together they will destroy the gods. And then all will be lost.

Thane	I can't do it Teela. I can't fight against Marek. It's too much.

Dagen	Put it on. Hey. No. Thane, put it on! Yes, put it on your head, wear it! Wear the crown! Come on you big dumb ox, it's right there! The hammer is right here now. Thane! Thane!
Teela	We have to stop her.
Tek	Keep the hammer. You've earned it.

Dagen	I don't need your bloody hammer now. Don't you see what you've done?

Tek	After all that you've been through, I'm surprised you're giving up so easily.

Dagen	Easily? I'm dead. Deceased. Erased from existence, I'm a ghost like you if you haven't noticed. Why didn't you tell us how to get the hammer before it was too late?

Tek	You sacrificed yourself. I didn't see that coming.

Dagen	You know Tek, for being a god, you could have seen that in me from the start. If Thane had put on the crown, he would have seen and been able to take the hammer from me. Wouldn't he?

Tek	Yes.

Dagen	Lot of good it does Marek now. So now what? I get my own, anvil, and just make swords for eternity?

Tek	The Underworld is what you make it. I'm a blacksmith, that's what I do. I think you would be better served getting started, you have a long way to go. Dagen A long way to go. Where?

Tek	Find your woman, that's what you're here for.

Dagen	Oh is she here? I mean, where is she? I don't even know where to start.

Tek	The Underworld is a lot like the living world, but not all the same rules apply.

Dagen	Right. Right.

Szorlok	Now. Make the gods pay for their apathy. Their vanity. And their arrogance. Feed our strength. Let's taste your power! Yes. All of it. Give it to me!

Marek	You. You killed Dagen.

Thane	Marek, no! We're here to save you.

Marek	I hardly look like the one who needs saving.

Thane	We didn't kill Dagen. He took his own life to reach the Underworld. We found it. We found the hammer.

Marek	The hammer? Then where is it?

Thane	We couldn't bring it back. Dagen wouldn't come back, it was his choice. He only wanted to save you. You're all he cares about.
Szorlok	The gods are dead. I'm the only god. The one god. All is mine.

Teela as Ana Sett	Not all. There is still one goddess who stands against you.

Szorlok	Goddess. I will drink you slowly. I will savor every last drop of your soul.

Thane	Ah!

Thane	Oh, Marek. You have to stop him. I believe in you. You can do it.

Marek	I can't. I don't know what to do.

Thane	Be strong. Go.

Szorlok	All mine. Marek, my dear. You made possible my ascension, come. Witness my glory in full.

Marek	You lied to me. My friends didn't betray me. I betrayed them.

Szorlok	A trivial difference. You were never like them. You were born for true greatness. Now come. Take my hand.
Dagen	You’ve slain the gods. Now go to the heavens and stay there alone. Leave the mortal world in peace like we agreed. 
Szorlok	Do not presume to counsel me! All who do not worship me must die. There, you see. All will obey.

Argus	Hold! Hold for all humanity!

Marek	So this was your plan all along. Have Szorlok steal your life force away. Trap your soul inside his body.
Gojun Pye	Plan, more of a possibility. But perhaps when the moment is right, I can take control of Szorlok and offer you a small advantage. See, I don't think he's discovered me here yet. 

Marek	I don't envy you. Even Teela was a difficult companion. How do I free you?

Gojun Pye	The same way for yourself. Destroy the Darkspore.

Marek	The hammer of Tek is lost. I was a fool to join Szorlok. I've doomed the world.

Gojun Pye	I can't tell you what to do, Marek.

Marek	What choice do I have? Helpless thousands are dying. I've been fighting this darkness my whole life. Struggling to break free, but to what end? Szorlok was right. I can't escape the Darkspore. My mother saw to that. I'm a part of it and it is a part of me. That is who I am. 

Gojun Pye	Those who knew your mother remember only the villain and the thief. Her mentor was cruel and without principle, and taught her nothing of virtue and honor. That is who she was.

Marek	My mother hated me, that is why she cursed me.

Gojun	But this is not the woman that I knew. True, your mother stole the Darkspore and was bringing it to Szorlok for a mountain of riches. But something changed. She refused his gold. She took the Darkspore and ran. She hid in poverty. She sacrificed her life to keep that shard away from Szorlok's hands. And no one could figure out why.

Marek	Why did she do it?

Gojun Pye	Because of you. When she felt you moving in her belly, she knew she was going to bring a child into this world. She made the choice to fight the darkness to the very end. She died to save the world for you.

Marek	She loved me.

Gojun Pye	That is who she was. When I found her dying, your mother, was a hero.

Marek	But I still have this curse inside of me.

Gojun Pye	Curse? Or blessing? You see the Darkspore never took part of you, Marek. You took part of it, you stole its power. That makes you the only one with power to destroy it. Why do you think Szorlok sought you out all these years?

Marek	If I destroy the Darkspore, am I going to die?

Gojun Pye	True heroes always make a sacrifice. You cannot fight the darkness and come away unscathed.

Marek	Like my mother. Like you.

Gojun Pye	Believe in yourself, Marek. As I have always believed in you. Go now. And when the moment is right, Gojun Pye will come to your aid one last time.

Marek	You may be a god, but you don't control me. We mortals can still choose who and what we believe in. We decide whether to give you power over us and without our consent, what are you even a god of?

Szorlok	All who resist my will are not fit to live in my world. You Marek, have sealed their fate.

Dagen	Marek!  Marek, take the hammer.It's me, Dagen. You cannot give up now. You have to think, Marek! Think about the crown and the hammer. You think about why I would choose to stay in the Underworld. Come on Marek, now take it! Put on the crown and take it! Wake up. You can hear me. I love you Marek.  Please, put on the crown. And finish this. Yes.

Marek	Dagen.

Szorlok	How very clever of you. Even now, when all is lost, you still cling to hope. I shall take the greatest pleasure in watching you die.

Szorlok	Now, die!

Marek	Gojun! 

Szorlok as Gojun Pye	Now Marek. This is your chance. Get up.

Thane	Get up Marek. I know you can.

Gojun Pye	I can't keep him at bay. His power is too strong. Now Marek!

Szorlok	No!

Argus	Victory!

Thane	Hey ho, little Marmot.

Marek	We did it. We did it.

Teela	You are the bravest person I have ever known.

Marek	I'm free.

Thane	They were two of the greatest heroes the world has ever known. A crippled slave girl and a bastard half elf. Will anyone ever remember?

Teela	We will.

Thane	Aye, we will. Goodbye old friends.

Teela	Till we meet again.

Thane	So the gods are all dead. What becomes of the world now?

Teela	When Ana-Sett lived within me, I caught glimpses of her mind. I saw her beginning and her end. There was life before the gods. And now there is life after. And there will be from eternity to eternity. Magic will fade and die, but life, life will go on. And maybe some day, new gods will arise. When the world is ready for them. But until that day, there is just us mortals.

Thane	Just us. I like the sound of that.

Teela	I recall a time when you dreamed of finding a soft woman to settle down with, maybe have children even.

Thane	Did I say that?

Zombie Girl	Where am I? What is that gods forsaken smell? Fyke, are you deaf? You answer me, when you speak you inbreed. Where am I?

Grim Peasant	Look lady, the war's over. We're headed home. To Gibbon's Hole.

Zombie Girl	War? What war are you talking about? Never mind, just take me at once to the Palace at Kingsway.
