Driver	Wake up,

Driver	we're at Bar Street

Driver	25RMB

Driver	You're exhausted and still drinking

Driver	What a warrior!

Driver	Thanks 

Driver	By the way

Driver	Want to sleep in my car? I'm in no rush

Zhong Wen	Where is Wu Bar, please?

Passerby	You're going to Wu Bar?

Passerby	Turn right

Passerby	at the intersection

Miao Miao	Where are you?

Zhong Wen	I'm here

Miao Miao	Why don't I see you?

Zhong Wen	I'm at Bar Street

Miao Miao	I warn you, don't be late again

Zhong Wen	Can't you be nice?

Miao Miao	Today's meeting is important

Zhong Wen	Why can't we talk at home?

Zhong Wen	You haven't been home in 6 months

Miao Miao	I've booked Room 7.

Miao Miao	Wait there

Zhong Wen	Ridiculous

Tao Zi	Sir, do you have an invitation?

Zhong Wen	To what?

Tao Zi	Our 3rd Anniversary Party

Zhong Wen	Must I have one?

Tao Zi	One moment

Pi Song	Welcome, Mr Zhong

Zhong Wen	You know me?

Pi Song	Greetings

Tao Zi	Pardon the foreigner's Chinese

Tao Zi	This way, please

Santa claus	Sir, please check your coat there

Zhu /nan	Out of the way! What invitation!

Zhu /nan	3rd Anniversary.That's why I'm here! Don't touch me

Zhu /nan	No invitation

Zhu /nan	Captain Zhong

Zhu /nan	Do you remember me?

Zhu /nan	I'm TV host Zhu Nan

Zhu /nan	My partner, Quanzi, interviewed you

Zhu /nan	What case are you working on here?

Zhong Wen	Personal stuff

Zhu /nan	I understand. Police are people too

Zhu /nan	It's just that it's so hard to get any news

Zhu /nan	I just interviewed a drunk driver. The scum --

Zhong Wen	We'll talk later

Zhong Wen	Where is room 7?

A Kun	What?

Zhong Wen	Room 7

A Kun	The guy looking for Miao is here

A Kun	Just a moment, Handsome

A Kun	Life is like a cocktail

A Kun	to be savored

Wu Jiang	This drink can be had any way you want

A Kun	This is our Boss Wu

Wu Jiang	Hello, I'm Wu Jiang

Zhong Wen	Call me Zhong Wen

Wu Jiang	How do you feel here?

Zhong Wen	Like a prison

Wu Jiang	Yes, once you're in there's no getting out

Wu Jiang	I'm joking. Miao is not here yet

Wu Jiang	I'll show you around; come

Wu Jiang	This was a factory,

Wu Jiang	shut down for environmental reasons

Wu Jiang	Guess how long I took to redecorate it

Guest	Brother Wu

Wu Jiang	This is Brother Zhong

Wu Jiang	It took me two years

Wu Jiang	The other bars demolished all these pipes

Wu Jiang	Such wonderful stuff; I kept them all

Zhong Wen	These piranha are your idea?

Zhong Wen	They're illegal

Wu Jiang	I don't know the law

Zhong Wen	In local waters

Zhong Wen	they'd be alien invaders

Wu Jiang	"Survival of the fittest" is a rule of nature

Zhong Wen	You know Miao well?

Wu Jiang	She says your business keeps you too busy

Zhong Wen	What a story-teller

Youth A	Freeze!

Wu Jiang	That's my favorite room

Youth B	Have a drink

Wu Jiang	Let's talk after the clients leave

DJ	Welcome to Wu Bar's 3rd Anniversary Party!

Wu Jiang	Room 7 is ahead; turn right

Lan Lan	You didn't tell me about the celebration

Wu Jiang	Zhong, please wait for me inside

Lan Lan	My bar is full! I lose money by coming here

Wu Jiang	It's been a while. You're prettier now

Wu Jiang	Did you "renovate"?

Lan Lan	Don't touch! It will fall off

Waitress	Which bottle would you like?

Zhong Wen	I'm not drinking today

Waitress	Please; my boss expects me to sell these

Miao Miao	Don't trouble him

Miao Miao	You'll never change his mind. Put down here

Miao Miao	Let's start with this

Waitress	Please wait

Miao Miao	I'm here. No rush

Zhong Wen	What's with the tattoo?

Miao Miao	I have many more where you can't see them

Zhong Wen	You got smarter these 6 months

Miao Miao	But your temper seems better

Zhong Wen	You told Wu I'm a businessman

Miao Miao	Should I have said you're a cop?

Miao Miao	It's a hard, shameful,

Miao Miao	low-paying job

Waitress	Your drink, sir

Zhong Wen	How's your hospital internship?

Miao Miao	Don't worry about me

Miao Miao	Did you get that scratch today?

Miao Miao	Did you disinfect it? How did you get it?

Zhong Wen	Don't ask

Miao Miao	You want to tell me

Zhong Wen	Someone reported a case this morning

Zhong Wen	A meat skewers cook stabbed someone,

Zhong Wen	had nowhere to run and threatened suicide

Bystander	Are you jumping or not!

Negotiator	Calm down

Suicidal Man	3 things: 1., Give me back my stove

Negotiator	Fine

Suicidal Man	2,. I'm not paying a fine. 3.,

Bystander	Hurry, it's freezing

Suicidal Man	I'm not going to prison

Police	What are you yelling about?

Bystander	I didn't yell

Miao Miao	See, this is minor

Zhong Wen	It's major, a life was at stake

Negotiator	Have you jumped before?

Suicidal Man	It's my first time

Negotiator	How's your aim?

Suicidal Man	Good enough

Negotiator	Brother, let's talk

Suicidal Man	Stop. I'm not talking to you. Go.

Negotiator	Who will you talk to?

Suicidal Man	I'll talk to her. Bring her here

Suicidal Man	I'll talk to her. You, get out

Zhong Wen	This went on all day. We were all exhausted

Zhong Wen	I was worried he'd lose it

Miao Miao	So you started to talk to him

Zhong Wen	I didn't

Suicidal Man	Let go

Zhong Wen	Stay still

Suicidal Man	Help!

Zhong Wen	He's unhurt; said he'd treat me to lamb skewers

Miao Miao	It's not worth it

Miao Miao	to risk your life for strangers

Zhong Wen	What's so important we need to talk here?

Miao Miao	You'll see

General Manager Niu	Everyone's a victim of gossip, these days

General Manager Niu	Don't admit anything. Goodbye

Zhu /nan	Hello, Boss Niu

Zhu /nan	I'm Zhu Nan, host of TV's Life Channel

General Manager Niu	I've seen you on TV

Zhu /nan	May I interview you?

General Manager Niu	What a mess! You can't film here

Zhong Wen	He looks familiar

Miao Miao	He owns a property company; a regular

Miao Miao	He's rich; comes for the girls

Wu Jiang	Boss Niu, let me introduce

Wu Jiang	this beauty; do you know her?

General Manager Niu	Looks familiar

Wu Jiang	Some flirt

Lan Lan	Boss Niu

General Manager Niu	She looks so familiar.

General Manager Niu	It's been a long time

General Manager Niu	He is my ex

Zhong Wen	How did you meet Boss Wu?

Miao Miao	He came to the hospital with an old injury

Miao Miao	What do you think of him?

Zhong Wen	I don't know, so I shouldn't say

Wu Jiang	Sorry, Brother Zhong

Wu Jiang	There are so many clients I neglected you

Wu Jiang	Why did you change your look?

Miao Miao	You know full well

Miao Miao	To introduce

Miao Miao	This is my boyfriend

Miao Miao	Now you know why we're meeting here

Wu Jiang	You two chat, I'll make my rounds

Zhong Wen	I don't like him

Miao Miao	I'm telling you, not asking

Zhong Wen	How old is he?

Miao Miao	It doesn't matter

Zhong Wen	He's almost my age

Miao Miao	So what?

Zhong Wen	Look at the company he keeps

Zhong Wen	He's stringing you along

Miao Miao	Why should he?

Miao Miao	Why should I obey you?

Zhong Wen	What is it about him? What can he give you?

Miao Miao	I feel safe

Zhong Wen	I'm a cop, and you feel safe with him?

Miao Miao	He has time for me; do you?

Miao Miao	He is my shoulder to cry on, are you?

Miao Miao	Some cop

Worker	Let me see what the racket is about

Worker	Stop it

Worker	Get out

Worker	Invitation; see, I have one

Tao Zi	Get out

Zhong Wen	I know you've been angry with me

Miao Miao	I feel that I'm an orphan

Zhong Wen	Tomorrow is your mom's death anniversary; don't say that

Miao Miao	Don't you talk about her

Miao Miao	When she was here,

Miao Miao	you were never home.

Miao Miao	I was sick in winter,

Miao Miao	she carried me to hospital by herself.

Worker	I finally got you

Worker	Give me back my money

Miao Miao	You started to care only after she left

Miao Miao	I don't need you

Worker	Come out here

Zhong Wen	Excuse me

Tao Zi	What are you doing?

Tao Zi	How dare you make trouble here?

Worker	It's only right to pay what is owed

Worker	Let the scumbag pay me and I'll go now

Tao Zi	Shut up and get out

Worker	I want the pay owed to me and my crew

Tao Zi	You have a death-wish

Worker	I do, today

Worker	You won't get away now

General Manager Niu	Take it easy. I'll pay you tomorrow

Worker	No, not tomorrow

General Manager Niu	Take some cash; I'll get my men to handle it

Worker	I said, today

Zhong Wen	This won't work

Zhong Wen	I'll talk to him

Worker	Who are you?

Zhong Wen	I'm just having a drink

Zhong Wen	Please put out the fire first

Zhong Wen	I thought it's a major incident

Worker	It is, to me --

Worker	Turn it off

Zhong Wen	How many years have you been working?

Worker	I've been a laborer for 10 years

Zhong Wen	Do you know there is a song --

Worker	It was written for me

Worker	Turn it off

Zhong Wen	Turn it off

Zhong Wen	Let's talk openly here

Worker	Get the scumbag into the open for once

Worker	Don't go

Wu Jiang	What are you doing?

Worker	One last time: will you pay today?

Wu Jiang	You've seen it all

General Manager Niu	I can't pay you today

Wu Jiang	You're lying again, scumbag

General Manager Niu	I can't pay you today

Worker	Scumbag

Wu Jiang	Great move!

Worker	My front tooth

Wu Jiang	This bomb is too amateurish

Wu Jiang	I've called the police

Zhu /nan	Did you film that?

Camera Man	I forgot

Wu Jiang	Get the waiters to help. Call an ambulance

Miao Miao	Stop! Out of the way!

Miao Miao	You're fine

Zhong Wen	Where are you going?

Wu Jiang	To find Wu Jiang

Zhong Wen	Come, sit

Zhu /nan	Captain Zhong,

Zhu /nan	I'll interview you after Boss Niu

Zhu /nan	The show is about to start

Lan Lan	I must go; my clients are waiting

Miao Miao	You think everyone here is weird, right?

Miao Miao	Drunks often make trouble here

Miao Miao	All sorts of people show up here

Wu Jiang	Welcome

Pharmacy Owner	Two words: traffic jam

Miao Miao	You worry too much

Zhong Wen	I hope that's the case

Miao Miao	You're suspicious of everyone

DJ	Tonight's show begins now!

Miao Miao	Dad

Miao Miao	Who are you?

DJ	Get into the cage! Don't think of getting out

Guest	There are so many of us; let's attack them

Guest	Have you heard it? Mens go to help!

DJ	Inside!

Zhong Wen	How long had I been out? Wu?

Wu Jiang	Hours. You must have been exhausted

Zhong Wen	Why did you do this?

Wu Jiang	Ask why the police took so long, instead

Wu Jiang	No one called them

Wu Jiang	Everyone thought, I don't want to be involved

Zhong Wen	Do you know what you're doing?

Wu Jiang	Kidnapping. A felony. At least 10 years' jail

Zhong Wen	Where is my daughter?

Wu Jiang	Miao? Waiting in the hall. She's a good girl

Zhong Wen	Don't talk about her

Wu Jiang	She never said her dad's a cop

Wu Jiang	That makes you a bad dad, and a bad cop

Zhong Wen	Am I your real target?

Tao Zi	Sir, the police are at the door

Wu Jiang	Ignore them. Wait downstairs

Zhong Wen	So you called the police

Wu Jiang	Sorry, I used your phone

Wu Jiang	I answered a call from your lieutenant

Wu Jiang	I described the situation. He'll be here soon

Wu Jiang	You were military, over 20 accomplished years

Wu Jiang	in SWAT, local regional and crminal police

Wu Jiang	Penalized once, which you applied for yourself

Zhong Wen	You've done your homework

Wu Jiang	Too bad you couldn't handle your family

Wu Jiang	After all these years, your pay is so low

Wu Jiang	It took year's pay to buy a tiny home; is it worth it?

Zhong Wen	You don't get it. Some things are priceless

Wu Jiang	Lieutenant is still on his way

Wu Jiang	No hurry. We'll talk when he arrives.

Zhong Wen	Tell me your demands now

Wu Jiang	Don't tell me what to do

Zhong Wen	Hostages are hurt; the police won't be patient

Wu Jiang	I'm patient enough

Zhong Wen	Say what you need to say

Wu Jiang	Fine; you're my target

Wu Jiang	Guess why?

Zhong Wen	I've made many enemies

Zhong Wen	Last year, car thieves sold their loot nearby

Zhong Wen	We're short-staffed today, so let's stick to the plan

Police	There's 1 outside, 5 inside

Police	The white-haired one is the leader

Zhong Wen	Do you know White Hair?

Wu Jiang	Yue. Everyone here knows him

Zhong Wen	Freeze! Police!

Zhong Wen	Stop! Watch them

Wu Jiang	Yue is known to be vicious

Wu Jiang	You'll suffer if you try to capture him by yourself

A Yue	Please let me go

Zhong Wen	I'll capture you myself

A Yue	Just you wait. Your time will come

Zhong Wen	I'll wait for you

Zhong Wen	You did this for him, right?

Wu Jiang	I've heard of those guys

Wu Jiang	They're ranked too low

Zhong Wen	Most people use threats to boost egos

Wu Jiang	I agree

Wu Jiang	Lieutenant, you're here

Wu Jiang	I'm chatting with Capt. Zhong. He's fine

Wu Jiang	I want $80 - 90 million in non-sequential bills

Wu Jiang	Don't threaten me; don't talk about difficulty

Zhong Wen	Wu, I don't know what you want

Zhong Wen	Make a reasonable demand

Wu Jiang	Lieutenant has a bad temper

Zhong Wen	Don't raise your hopes. If we can do it, we will

Zhong Wen	Take it easy on him

Zhong Wen	You don't want money

Wu Jiang	Fine, I'll be frank

Wu Jiang	I want to see someone

Wu Jiang	It's easy for you to find people

Wu Jiang	But my friend lives far away

Wu Jiang	I haven't seen him in a while

Wu Jiang	You like to ask why; you'll see

Wu Jiang	Not your call? Why are you wasting my time?

Zhong Wen	Calm down; let's talk it out

Wu Jiang	Talk it out?

Zhong Wen	You're bluffing me? Don't bother

Wu Jiang	I forgot; you had been shot

Wu Jiang	I'm curious; what's it like?

Zhong Wen	It's like taking a vicious hit with a stick

Zhong Wen	I couldn't find my shoulder

Zhong Wen	or feel this side

Zhong Wen	Then, a pain that sears through your heart

Wu Jiang	I've felt that searing pain

Zhong Wen	What happened to your leg?

Wu Jiang	That was long ago

Police on purse	The dark green pickup ahead

Police on purse	Pull over

Police O.S.	Two suspects are in the truck. The leader is

Police O.S.	a cripple. Should be the one in the back seat

Zhong Wen	Have you ever kidnapped anyone?

Zhong Wen	The hostage is in there. Don't shoot

Police O.S.	Captain Zhong, we're going

Zhong Wen	Stay safe

Zhong Wen	Take care of them

Zhong Wen	Don't worry

Zhong Wen	I'll chase them

Zhong Wen	Call dispatch. We need backup

Wu Jiang	That's a better attitude

Wu Jiang	Are you really bad at small talk, or just acting?

Wu Jiang	Fine. My only demand is to see that person

Wu Jiang	Not "we'll try". It's a "must".

Wu Jiang	Confirm in 5 minutes

Wu Jiang	We're in no hurry. Let's chat

Zhong Wen	How are they?

Police O.S.	Chao is fine. Hai broke his arm

Police O.S.	The backup cars will catch up soon

Zhong Wen	Don't be afraid. I'm a policeman

Zhong Wen	Be brave. Mr Policeman will come soon

Zhong Wen	Stay put

Zhong Wen	Where's the other guy?

Zhong Wen	Too bad we couldn't save the driver

Zhong Wen	The main perpetrator is still on the loose

Wu Jiang	Not a bad story, but you guessed wrong

Wu Jiang	I despise people who kidnap children

Wu Jiang	This trip should take no more than 3 hours

Wu Jiang	Traffic is smooth at this hour

Wu Jiang	The hostage? Emotionally stable, pragmatic

Wu Jiang	Sure. I'll be on lookout

Wu Jiang	Taozi, come up; keep your eyes on him

Wu Jiang	Calm down. Play some relaxing music

Zhong Wen	Let me have a taste

Tao Zi	Why? For courage?

Tao Zi	Take it easy, this stuff is strong

Hostage	What's going on?

Lan Lan	What's wrong, Niu?

Hostage	Heart attack

Hostage	Is there a doctor here?

Hostage	Do you know how?

Hostage	Hospital

Hostage	I'll go with you to the hospital

Hostage	We must get to a hospital. He can't die

Hostage	Shut up

Hostage	I'm a doctor. I must go with him to hospital!

Hitman A	Out of the way!

General Manager Niu	I'm fine. It comes and goes.

Hostage	What a phoney!

Clipping	25 YEARS POLICE SERVICE WITH 22 MERITORIOUS AWARDS

Clipping	HOSTAGE INCIDENT -- A KIDNAPPED WOMAN WAS THREATENED BY KNIFE

Wu Jiang	Where are they?

Wu Jiang	Honestly, I'm anxious to see him

Wu Jiang	I warn you, if my friend isn't here

Wu Jiang	All the cops you bring will be useless

Wu Jiang	Procedures are not my concern

Wu Jiang	What, you want to come in? No need

Wu Jiang	I am a man of my word

Miao Miao	Wu Jiang

Wu Jiang	When my guy arrives,

Miao Miao	Wu Jiang,

Wu Jiang	the hostages will be fine

Miao Miao	come here

Wu Jiang	Except Captain Zhong

Miao Miao	Wu Jiang

Wu Jiang	Listen! You won't get out but

Wu Jiang	you may make other requests

Miao Miao	Open up

Wu Jiang	What do you want?

Miao Miao	I need the restroom

Wu Jiang	Anything else?

Zhu /nan	Boss Wu, may I interview you?

Wu Jiang	Sure

Miao Miao	Get out

Miao Miao	Dad, you're here!

Zhong Wen	Are you okay?

Miao Miao	Sorry, Dad, forgive me

Miao Miao	I dressed up like that to upset you

Zhong Wen	I didn't show I cared. You're much prettier now

Zhong Wen	Put this away for me

Miao Miao	Be careful, Dad

Zhong Wen	Where can I get a phone?

Miao Miao	They took all our phones

Miao Miao	They're on the table in the hall

Miao Miao	But...

Hitman B	Hurry up!

Zhu /nan	I'm Zhu Nan, host of the Life Channel

Zhu /nan	I risked my life for this exclusive

Zhu /nan	at a kidnapping

Zhu /nan	Here is the mastermind behind this case

Zhu /nan	Can I say that?

Zhu /nan	You must have a great story,

Zhu /nan	Boss Wu. Say hello

Miao Miao	Hands off. I want a drink. So what?

Zhu /nan	Let's continue

Wu Jiang	Do you feel that

Wu Jiang	I'm insane for doing this?

Zhu /nan	No; why are you committing this crime?

Wu Jiang	I just did what no one else dares

Miao Miao	Let me go

Zhu /nan	I'm not done with the interview. Look --

Wu Jiang	Are you done?

Miao Miao	You were nice to me to get my dad here

Wu Jiang	If you must say that

Miao Miao	You're using me

Wu Jiang	I'm not a good guy,

Wu Jiang	your dad's not a good cop.

Wu Jiang	Neither of us

Wu Jiang	can make you feel safe.

Zhong Wen	This is Zhong Wen. I stole a cell phone

Zhong Wen	Are you safe now?

Zhong Wen	I'm fine. I'm hiding

Caption Wu	What's going on?

Zhong Wen	There are over a dozen hostages

Zhong Wen	There were four suspects. I got rid of one

Zhong Wen	The boss, Wu, is the leader.

Zhong Wen	He has a knockoff 64

Zhong Wen	What are hs demands?

Caption Wu	He wants to see a prison detainee

Zhong Wen	What's the name?

Caption Wu	Wei Xiaofu

Zhong Wen	Wei Xiaofu

Caption Wu	Chief has agreed and is making arrangements

Caption Wu	We've made a plan with snipers and SWAT

Caption Wu	Are conditions suited for a SWAT assault?

Zhong Wen	The bar is two storeys; the hostages are

Zhong Wen	in a cage, watched by the 3 suspects

Zhong Wen	If we attack now

Zhong Wen	It will be too dangerous for the hostages

Zhong Wen	They may have other weapons

Caption Wu	Understood

Caption Wu	We may attack at any time

Tao Zi	Boss, that guy escaped

Zhong Wen	I have to go

Wu Jiang	Find him! Useless fool

Tao Zi	He's here

Tao Zi	Is that all you've got?

Wu Jiang	I bet you still can't handle him

Wu Jiang	Brother Zhong, you're amazing

Wu Jiang	But aren't you worried about your daughter?

Wu Jiang	Miao said, you used to be her hero

Wu Jiang	How did you become a desserter?

Wu Jiang	Let's talk

Wu Jiang	In your own words, let's talk openly Dad, don't worry about me

Wu Jiang	I wanted her in my "law of the jungle" experiment

Miao Miao	Don't come out, Dad

Wu Jiang	Sure, you must think in your dark corner

Wu Jiang	but fingertips

Wu Jiang	don't grow back

Zhong Wen	Stop

Miao Miao	Dad, don't come

Miao Miao	Don't come

Zhong Wen	Let her go. Target me

Wu Jiang	Now you're like a good father, but it's too late

Miao Miao	Stop

Zhong Wen	I'm fine

Zhu /nan	Give him room. So, you are here on a case

Zhu /nan	Where were you? Were we in any danger?

Lan Lan	Lady! Stop saying stupid things

Zhu /nan	What did I say?

Lan Lan	You don't stop talking! So annoying!

Hostage	With this scoop, she'll be promoted tomorrow

Zhu /nan	None of your business

Zhong Wen	I'm fine

Hostage	Let me go. Do you think I can escape?

Hostage	I'm sure you will. You'll be fine

Hostage	From my experience, he'll release us soon

Hostage	In all kidnappings --

Hostage	They'd be killing the hostages now

Hostage	It's usually about money

Lan Lan	I know Wu well. He's rich.

Lan Lan	It's more than that

Zhong Wen	Is there a back door here?

Hostage	There's just this door Boss designed the bar.         

Hostage	He sealed the back door

Bold Hostage	What does your father do?

Miao Miao	He's a policeman

Pharmacy Owner	Such hatred, beating him so badly. Must be over a girl

Pharmacy Owner	Don't worry. We don't know him

Zhong Wen	I know you

Zhong Wen	The drug store

Pharmacy Owner	The thief; he stole from me

Pharmacy Owner	That's right

Pharmacy Owner	I didn't recognise you without your uniform

Pharmacy Owner	She was there that day, too

Pharmacy Owner	That's Lan, now a manager at the nightclub

Pharmacy Owner	And the famous Boss Niu.

Pharmacy Owner	We were all there

Lan Lan	Something happened inside

Zhu /nan	Captain Zhong is in there. What happened?

Pharmacy Owner	We're together again. That's destiny

Lan Lan	Cut the nonsense

Lan Lan	Comrade Policeman, what's your issue with Wu?

Lan Lan	Talk it out with him; why involve us?

Lan Lan	Destiny, my foot

Wu Jiang	Chief Zhang, a high official

Wu Jiang	I'm so honored; they're all fine

Wu Jiang	You want to see them, right?

Wu Jiang	Look. They're lively and well-fed

Chief Zhang 	I am Police Chief Zhang Guomin. Don't worry

Chief Zhang 	I will do my best to help you all

Pharmacy Owner	Boss Wu, go ahead; we'll wait

Zhong Wen	Film this area and the people

Wu Jiang	My friend is still not here. You are unreliable

Chief Zhang 	Give us more time. Several reasons --

Wu Jiang	I don't care. You have 5 minutes

Chief Zhang 	Give me face. 5 more minutes

Wu Jiang	If he is not here in 10 minutes, I'll turn violent

Zhong Wen	Please come, Boss Wu

Zhong Wen	I want to talk to you

Wu Jiang	Go ahead

Zhong Wen	Alone

Wu Jiang	Our usual place

Wu Jiang	Zhong, what more is there to say?

Zhong Wen	You just want us.

Zhong Wen	Why involve innocents?

Wu Jiang	I need more chips

Wu Jiang	And how do you know they're innocent?

Wu Jiang	What do want to say?

Zhong Wen	You created an elaborate plot

Wu Jiang	Yes

Zhong Wen	But you can't win with your way

Wu Jiang	We'll see

Zhong Wen	You need a middle-man.

Zhong Wen	I can help

Wu Jiang	A cop helping a criminal. What a joke

Zhong Wen	What do you want to know from that case?

Wu Jiang	I don't want to discuss that now

Zhong Wen	Then we'll wait for Wei Xiaofu

Wu Jiang	You ask lots of questions. My turn

Wu Jiang	You cops don't often see this situation, right?

Zhong Wen	We see all kinds

Wu Jiang	How many cases have you been on?

Zhong Wen	Many; over 100 a year

Wu Jiang	How many cops die in a year?

Zhong Wen	About 400 die in the line of duty in China

Wu Jiang	And how many hostages?

Zhong Wen	Accidents happen

Wu Jiang	Will there be an accident today?

Zhong Wen	I don't want casualties today

Wu Jiang	Including me?

Zhong Wen	Yes. Every life is precious

Wu Jiang	I stopped believing that long ago

Zhong Wen	Although you've done your homework

Wu Jiang	Zhong, you sneaked into my secret chamber

Wu Jiang	So you know some of my secrets

Wu Jiang	You can see this is beyond negotiation

Wu Jiang	So we have nothing to talk about

Zhong Wen	I see you're a boxer

Wu Jiang	I have some time; let me tell you a story

Wu Jiang	You asked what happened to my leg

Wu Jiang	As a boy, I went overseas with my father

Wu Jiang	He killed himself due to gambling debts. I had to repay them

Wu Jiang	The only skill I had there

Wu Jiang	was fighting

Wu Jiang	I had always fought

Wu Jiang	on others' behalf

Wu Jiang	Fighting is about who is more vicious

Wu Jiang	I never had a worthy opponent

Wu Jiang	You risk your life for money

Wu Jiang	but life is so worthless and fleeting

Wu Jiang	I swore to stop once I repaid the debts

Wu Jiang	So during that time I was like a crazy man

Wu Jiang	I finally repaid all the debts

Wu Jiang	but I didn't want to do anything else

Wu Jiang	It was all about

Wu Jiang	money, life and death

Wu Jiang	So I continued

Zhong Wen	You may be killed by your opponent at any time

Wu Jiang	My nickname was Spider; I never lost

Wu Jiang	But a spider is an insignificant bug

Wu Jiang	All illegal boxers are the same

Zhong Wen	YouI knew your men from boxing

Wu Jiang	The foreigners were the best in their countries

Wu Jiang	The shorter one, Pichon, is a regular champion

Wu Jiang	Everyone wanted us to fight;

Wu Jiang	I know it is inevitable

Wu Jiang	Before the fight, I felt the bets were too big

Wu Jiang	The better fighter you are, the more you're worth

Wu Jiang	and the closer to death you are

Zhong Wen	What happened at that fight?

Wu Jiang	In the beginning we were even

Wu Jiang	Then he got the upper hand

Owner of Undergrond boxing club The next round, he'll let you wn

Wu Jiang	The two bosses had arranged evything

Wu Jiang	I found out just before the final round

Wu Jiang	It was a fight to the death

Owner of Undergrond boxing club 	Next round, kill him

Wu Jiang	Boss didn't know my heart was soft that day

Wu Jiang	I'd decided to return to China after that fight

Wu Jiang	and bring some fighters to help me

Wu Jiang	Poor Pichon

Wu Jiang	only knew he was to lose

Wu Jiang	I told him he had been fixed to die

Wu Jiang	Disobeying the boss meant death

Wu Jiang	So several of us escaped and hid for a time

Wu Jiang	We're lucky to be here, alive

Zhong Wen	Why did you suddenly go soft?

Wu Jiang	As you say, you don't get it

Zhong Wen	You've lived quite a life

Zhong Wen	But one can't treat another's life lightly

Zhong Wen	Everyone has the right to live

Wu Jiang	To live well

Wu Jiang	You know why I'm still alive?

Zhong Wen	You came back to China 5 years ago

Zhong Wen	just for the drug store robbery

Wu Jiang	For the truth

Wu Jiang	The world is full of lies

Zhong Wen	Is this the only way to find the truth?

Wu Jiang	I should say, it's my way

Zhong Wen	Don't sit

Zhong Wen	Don't sit

Wu Jiang	Amazing! You almost succeeded

Wu Jiang	This bullet-proof glass is worth every penny

Zhong Wen	It's a police rescue effort; you'd do the same

Wu Jiang	Your plan was good, snipers and SWAT together

Wu Jiang	but I'm no amateur thief

Wu Jiang	Why didn't you let me sit?

Zhong Wen	I wanted to save you

Wu Jiang	You want to help me and save me

Pi Song	He's on screen

Chief Zhang / Wu Jiang	There were gunshots Chief Zhang, I'm still alive  

Wu Jiang	Your Captain Zhong? He also lives

Wu Jiang	Cut the nonsense. Let me see Wei Xiaofu

Chief Zhang 	Why did you get me here so late at night?

Wu Jiang	Get him in here to see me

Chief Zhang 	You're kidding! I don't want to go in

Chief Zhang 	It's against the rules to bring a prisoner here

Chief Zhang 	Please know we must guarantee his safety

Wu Jiang	You're tricking me

Zhong Wen	You must see Wei Xiaofu, riht?

Zhong Wen	Let me break it down for you

Zhong Wen	You're armed, took hostages and are at a stalemate

Wu Jiang	I can kill some hostages

Zhong Wen	And I'll make sure you'll never see Wei

Zhong Wen	And, the police will find another way to attack

Wu Jiang	What are you saying?

Zhong Wen	Only I can help you to see him

Zhong Wen	He trusts me; I can try to bring him in

Zhong Wen	I'll talk to him; you free the hostages.

Zhong Wen	Think on it

Pharmacy Owner	Life is like a cocktail

Pharmacy Owner	What does the next sip taste like?

Camera Man	I've filmed everything you told me to

Camera Man	Trust my skills

Wu Jiang	And if you don't come back?

Zhong Wen	Trust me, I will

Zhong Wen	But you must guarantee Wei's safety

Wu Jiang	You dare to trust my guarantee?

Zhong Wen	Trust is mutual

Wu Jiang	Take two people. Your daughter stays

Zhong Wen	I said, all the hostages

Wu Jiang	Impossible. I must keep some

Zhong Wen	I know which ones. Let the rest go

Wu Jiang	No

Zhong Wen	No deal

Wu Jiang	Three

Zhong Wen	No deal

Wu Jiang	You can only bring 3 hostages

Zhong Wen	Put down your gun

Wu Jiang	You two have hot tempers

Wu Jiang	Here. You two fight.

Wu Jiang	You win, I promise you can bring people out

Wu Jiang	You lose, go alone

Miao Miao	Dad, you're hurt

Wu Jiang	You can't defeat him. Don't fight

Wu Jiang	You're not young any more

Wu Jiang	It's embarrassing to lose. Never mind

Lan Lan	Why? Fight!You're a cop!

Pharmacy Owner	Good prevails over evil

Guest	Take us out

Zhong Wen	Fine

Zhong Wen	Agreed

Guest	Comrade Police, it's all on you! Go, go!

Miao Miao	Be careful, Dad

Wu Jiang	In a few seconds, you won't be able to get up

General Manager Niu	This fight is too hard

Pharmacy Owner	We cannot benfit from his loss. Pray for him

Lan Lan	Captain Zhong, no shame in gving up

Miao Miao	Stop playing the hero, Dad

Wu Jiang	Zhong, give up if you can't handle it

Miao Miao	Dad, stop! You can't beat them

Guest	Get up, Cop

Hostage	Go, Mr Policeman!

Hostage	Beat him

Hostage	How suspenseful

Hostage	He is good

Miao Miao	Stop, Dad

Lan Lan	Stay down or you'll die

Hostage	Stop fighting

Hostage	We don't want to go out any more

Hostage	Cop, we are moved; you tried your best

Hostage	Mr Policeman, we don't want to go any more

Hostage	Stop, don't get up

Hostage	Please stop fighting; I beg you

Hostage	Don't let go! Hang on tight!

Hostage	He can't last! Harder!

Hostage	Careful, Cop

Hostage	Cop, let go! Watch out

Wu Jiang	Let go. You won

Hostage	You won

Miao Miao	Give me your scarf

Hostage	Don't lock up again! Aren't we all going?

Wu Jiang	Here's an idea

Zhong Wen	I'll take my daughter out first

Wu Jiang	When Wei Xiaofu comes in, she may go

Miao Miao	I'm not going anywhere

Miao Miao	I'm staying here with my dad till the end

Wu Jiang	Don't regret it

Wu Jiang	As agreed, I'll give you the man you want

Wu Jiang	Bring three people with you first

Hostage	Why change now? This is too much

Wu Jiang	It's leverage in case you don't come back

Wu Jiang	I'll release them just before Wei comes in

Wu Jiang	That's not a change; choose the hostages

Tao Zi	Wu, I really can't go on.

Tao Zi	I'll forfeit the money

General Manager Niu	My health is poor. May I be one of them?

Lan Lan	Wu, if you think I'm useful to you I'll stay

Camera Man	I'll go out to film, okay?

Wu Jiang	Have you decided?

Zhong Wen	The two injured hostages,

Zhong Wen	and him

Wu Jiang	You

Injured Hostage	Me? Just me?

Injured Hostage	No, I'm staying with my girlfriend

Wu Jiang	Only you dared make a move.

Wu Jiang	We need more men like you

Wu Jiang	I'll make an exception. Go together

Wu Jiang	Hurry

Wu Jiang	You're a casualty: you lost a tooth

Worker	Just me?

Worker	We're inseparable

General Manager Niu	I owe him money, I need to pay him outside

Wu Jiang	You'd have enough to pay if you'd drink less

Lan Lan	Captain Zhong, you must return

Wu Jiang	Zhong,

Wu Jiang / Zhong Wen	You have 10 minutes. I'm very punctual

Zhong Wen	Hostages are coming ! We need a stretcher

Zhong Wen	There are four more

Zhong Wen	This is a suspect; cuff him

Worker	You saved my life

Female Hostage	Hurray for the Policeman!

Zhong Wen	There are more people back here

Caption Wu	Are you badly hurt

Zhong Wen	I'm okay. It's minor,

Zhong Wen	Chief Zhang

Zhong Wen	Check out these suspects

Zhong Wen	3 suspects and 3 guns

Chief Zhang 	Where are they located?

Zhong Wen	In the main hall, with 16 hostages

Chief Zhang 	Physical conditions of the hostages?

Zhong Wen	All right

Zhong Wen	But they can't last much longer mentally

Zhong Wen	Lieutenant

Zhong Wen	I felt you took action too soon just now

Young Cop	Captain Zhong, the suspect wants to talk to you

Tao Zi	I'll tell you everything I know

Zhong Wen	Speak

Tao Zi	I did this for money

Tao Zi	I never imagined he'd make such a big deal

Tao Zi	Please don't go in. You'll never get back out

Tao Zi	They told me they

Tao Zi	don't expect to get out alive

Tao Zi	That's all I know

Tao Zi	Thank you, sir

Tech	These are from the building's management

Tech	We have 8 more minutes

Chief Zhang 	It differs from the blueprint;

Chief Zhang 	the windows are sealed

Police	This door

Police	is made with 25cm-thick steel panels

Police	The walls are 50cm thick

Zhong Wen	There was a back door but it's been sealed

Police	He is from building management

Chief Zhang 	How could you allow all these changes?

General Manager of Bar Stret	It's their private property, out of our jurisdiction

Chief Zhang 	Fine; I'll call you if I need you

Caption Wu	He really made himself a fortress

Caption Wu	Over here?

Zhong Wen	You can go in from the roof here and be hidden

Tech	7 more minutes

Police	This is a home-made bomb with a timer

Police	The wiring is complex; with multiple detonators

Caption Wu	He means to blow up everyone, including himself

Police	There are so many hostages

Zhong Wen	The best way to save them is for me to bring Wei in

Zhong Wen	Trading 2 people for 12.

Chief Zhang 	Has he agreed to go in?

Wei Xiao Fu	I was on the phone with my mother

Wei Xiao Fu	She wants me to behave, to try for early release

Zhong Wen	Please help us

Wei Xiao Fu	It's too risky

Zhong Wen	Your safety is a concern

Zhong Wen	It may be dangerous but we'll try our best

Zhong Wen	Help us; we'll apply to reduce your sentence

Wei Xiao Fu	I still feel unsafe. Forget it

Zhong Wen	We cannot force you to take this great risk

Wei Xiao Fu	Thanks for taking care of my mom all these years

Zhong Wen	I promised years ago that I would

Zhong Wen	Everyone on our team donated to your family

Wei Xiao Fu	I'm touched

Police	Here is the information on the suspects

Police	Bin, a Thai

Police	Pichon, a Filipino

Police	Wu Jiang, returned 5 years ago, as a Thai

Police	The victim Mei's parents were divorced

Police	The mother died,

Police	a brother went overseas with the father

Zhong Wen	I think Wu Jiang is Mei's brother

Chief Zhang 	He's not asking for Wei Xiaofu's release

Zhong Wen	3 of the hostages were witnesses back then

Zhong Wen	I think he wants to know what happened

Caption Wu	Cops, criminals, witnesses : all here

Caption Wu	It's been 5 years

Tech	You have 4 more minutes

Chief Zhang 	Let's talk method

Caption Wu	We'll dress as Zhong and Wei. SWAT stands by
Caption Wu	First, cut open the roof by laser

Caption Wu	The door opens, we attack from above and below

Chief Zhang 	It's hard to attack through the crack in the door

Caption Wu	This way, we get their attention

Zhong Wen	Roof-cutting time varies. We'll endanger the hostages

Chief Zhang 	Hostage safety comes first

Zhong Wen	Let me negotiate again

Caption Wu	You can't;
Caption Wu	lives are at stake. Talk is useless

Caption Wu	This is too major.

Caption Wu	It calls for a hard-core assault

Zhong Wen	Assaults are most risky now

Caption Wu	And you're not taking a risk by going back in?

Zhong Wen	Keeping my promise will build trust.

Zhong Wen	There is still a chance to talk

Caption Wu	You've been talking for 6 hours

Zhong Wen	Some negotiations last 6 months, you know

Caption Wu	No

Zhong Wen	We got the injured hostages out with talk

Chief Zhang 	Lieutenant was looking out for you

Zhong Wen	Trading 2 for 12, good deal

Caption Wu	See? As Lieutenant, I should go in,

Caption Wu	not you

Zhong Wen	It's my case, the same one as 5 years ago

Zhong Wen	I'm most suited to go in

Zhong Wen	Besides, my daughter is inside

Caption Wu	Shouldn't he stay away for that reason?

Chief Zhang 	Stop arguing

Chief Zhang 	Zhong should go back in

Chief Zhang 	But get a substitute for Wei

Chief Zhang 	Wu will know

Chief Zhang 	at a glance

Police	Chief Zhang, please come here

Wu Jiang	Repeat what I say, "3 more minutes"

Zhu /nan	The thug says --

Wu Jiang	What?

Zhu /nan	Boss Wu says, "3 more minutes"

Wu Jiang	"If he doesn't come, you will die"

Zhu /nan	"If he doesn't come,

Zhu /nan	I will die"

Wu Jiang	"No joke"

Zhu /nan	"No joke". He's really not joking; help!

Wu Jiang	Less than 3 minutes now

Tech	Chief Zhang, Wei Xiaofu has agreed to go in

Caption Wu	Reason?

Tech1	 to repay our favor;

Tech2	, he doesn't want to cause evil

Caption Wu	He's a real man

Caption Wu	Make a small opening to save time. Go!

Strike team 	Yes, sir! Run

Strike team 	Bomb Squad, give Wei a suit

Chief Zhang 	The Lieutenant is in charge.

Chief Zhang 	It's on you

Caption Wu	Guoqiang, this is your sniper operation

Guoqiang	Yes, sir

Tech	As you say, your own safety is key

Caption Wu	Sniper needs to set up.

Caption Wu	Buy time with talk

Caption Wu	On my orders. It's already loaded

Caption Wu	Don't be angry.

Caption Wu	I didn't want you to bear this alone

Zhong Wen	If possible, let me talk a bit mre

Zhong Wen	If I can control the scene, don't let the sniper shoot

Caption Wu	You win

Wei Xiao Fu	You can still smile?

Zhong Wen	These clothes are safe and warm

Wei Xiao Fu	But it weighs over 35kgs

Wei Xiao Fu	Does this count as a merit?

Wei Xiao Fu	So, I may get a reduced sentence for this?

Wei Xiao Fu	I can still care for my mom in this lifetime

Radio	The roof cutting team is in place

Zhu /nan	Hurry

Zhu /nan	Say something, Captain Zhong

Zhu /nan	Are you being brave for your daughter?

Zhu /nan	How is it your daughter is here?

Zhu /nan	If she wasn't here, would you dare to go back in?

Wei Xiao Fu	What's wrong with her?

Zhong Wen	When the hostages come out we'll go in

Wei Xiao Fu	Once we go in, will we get out alive?

Zhong Wen	I promise to keep you alive as long as I live

Wei Xiao Fu	What if you die first?

Wei Xiao Fu	Just kidding. I'm a nervous wreck

Zhong Wen	Once inside, stay next to me and don't move

Wei Xiao Fu	May I speak?

Zhong Wen	Speak the truth, not nonsense

Wei Xiao Fu	What did you stuff into my clothes just now?

Zhong Wen	That's nonsense

Pi Song	Arms

Wei Xiao Fu	You should get a job at Airport Security

Zhong Wen	Again, bullshit

Pi Song	Go

Pharmacy Owner	Police

Pharmacy Owner	Police! Hurry, help! What's going on?

Pharmacy Owner	Talk, don't hit.

Pharmacy Owner	We're in positions of power

Pharmacy Owner	These sons of bitches

Zhong Wen	Where's my daughter?

Miao Miao	Dad, I'm here

Miao Miao	I'm fine.

Miao Miao	You take care

Pharmacy Owner	Help! Police! I'm afraid of heights

Lan Lan	Your outfit is awesome; can you get us out?

General Manager Niu	What is all this?

Pharmacy Owner	What's tied around our necks?

Pharmacy Owner	Can you tell me what's going on?

General Manager Niu	It looks like a bomb. Is it real?

General Manager Niu	It's real

Caption Wu	We're missing one person

Caption Wu	Maybe a hostage is still inside

Wu Jiang	Good job, Captain Zhong

Wu Jiang	You really brought him in here

Zhong Wen	I'm a man of my word. I want to evacuate the hostages

Zhong Wen	Your crimes are not serious

Zhong Wen	We can explain everything away

Zhong Wen	I can prove you stopped voluntarily

Wu Jiang	You can't help me. It's my time now

Wu Jiang	18 more minutes

Wu Jiang	What is he wearing? What a ridiculous getup

Zhong Wen	We must do our best to protect him

Wu Jiang	This is my turf. You can't protect him

Zhong Wen	You had guaranteed his safety

Wu Jiang	His temporary safety

Wu Jiang	In this getup, I don't recognize him

Wu Jiang	Remove his helmet

Wu Jiang	Helmet off

Zhong Wen	Stay back

Zhong Wen	Stay back

Wei Xiao Fu	Don't play this game with me.

Wei Xiao Fu	They despise me

Wei Xiao Fu	I'm not afraid. He thinks I'll cause evil

Zhong Wen	Stay back

Wei Xiao Fu	I don't want to wear this

Wei Xiao Fu	It's stuffy. I'm dizzy

Wei Xiao Fu	I'm not afraid.

Wu Jiang	Wei Xiaofu

Wei Xiao Fu	Isn't that who's-it?

Pharmacy Owner	How come it's him?

Zhong Wen	Put on your helmet

Wei Xiao Fu	Relax, Captain Zhong. I'll be with you now

Wu Jiang	The police forced you to come, right?

Wei Xiao Fu	You're wrong. I came willingly

Zhong Wen	You've gathered everyone.

Zhong Wen	The truth will be known

Wu Jiang	I've been waited for this day

Xiao Wei	Big brother, when will you be back?

Wu Jiang	Everyone knows this girl, right?

Wu Jiang	Now you know

Wu Jiang	she is my baby sister

Wu Jiang	We were separated; I found her 5 years ago

Wu Jiang	She's the meaning of my life

Wu Jiang	I came back,

Wu Jiang	but didn't see her

Wu Jiang	I finally found a way to meet with you

Wu Jiang	I don't know what happened

Wu Jiang	5 years ago

Wu Jiang	But you were all there.

Wu Jiang	Let's talk

Pharmacy Owner	It's been so long. What if I can't remember?

Wu Jiang	The bomb is remote controlled. It may help you think

Pharmacy Owner	Let me think. I should remember

Wu Jiang	Let's begin

Pharmacy Owner	When we're done I can go back out, right?

Wu Jiang	Someone won't make it out today

Lan Lan	Then what can I do to make sure I will?

Wu Jiang	Don't mess with me; but that's hard for you

Wei Xiao Fu	Say your piece. Hurry

Wu Jiang	Who should speak first?

Caption Wu	Cutting the roof takes time

Caption Wu	The team is worried about disturbing those below

Caption Wu	You're right. My first idea won't work

Caption Wu	Just play for time

Zhong Wen	Let me start

Wu Jiang	Wait, Zhong

Wu Jiang	Remove your communications devices

Wu Jiang	so I won't have to

Caption Wu	We're trying other ways to break in

Caption Wu	We can start the assaut in 15 minutes

Caption Wu	Till then, you're in charge of the inside

Wu Jiang	Wei Xiaofu, you start

Wei Xiao Fu	It all started with me

Wei Xiao Fu	That night, almost at this time

Wei Xiao Fu	A few customers were at the drug store. I went in

Wei Xiao Fu	I want to do something for my mom

Wei Xiao Fu	She's in poor health.

Wei Xiao Fu	But I can't afford tonics

Wei Xiao Fu	My mistake was being too nosy

Pharmacy Customer	I'll give you 20 extra

Wei Xiao Fu	I wanted to ask whose wallet that was

Pharmacy Owner	No way;

Pharmacy Owner	who are you trying to kid?

Wei Xiao Fu	You were drunk; what do you know?

General Manager Niu	I was drinking, but my mind was clear

General Manager Niu	Hand it over

General Manager Niu	What is this?

Wei Xiao Fu	I just picked it up from the floor

General Manager Niu	You stole it

Wei Xiao Fu	I just picked it up

General Manager Niu	Do you know who I am?

General Manager Niu	You dare to steal my stuff? Go to hell

Wei Xiao Fu	I really did pick it up

Pharmacy Owner	Wait.

Pharmacy Owner	Don't move.

General Manager Niu	And then?

Pharmacy Owner	Then...

Lan Lan	Quickly

Pharmacy Owner	I am clearest on what happened next

General Manager Niu	Go to hell!

Wei Xiao Fu	I really picked it up

Pharmacy Owner	Wait.

Pharmacy Owner	Don't move

Pharmacy Owner	This is mine. Did you pick it up, too?

Pharmacy Owner	Does he have any more?

Pharmacy Owner	Two boxes

Pharmacy Owner	I'm a man of principles. I convince with reason

Wei Xiao Fu	Were you being reasonable?

Pharmacy Owner	I call it as I see it

Lan Lan	That's called hitting me when I'm down

Pharmacy Owner	What?

Lan Lan	I remember every word you said that night

Pharmacy Owner	This box costs tens of thousands

Lan Lan	You have good taste

Pharmacy Owner	Shall we handle it ourselves

Pharmacy Owner	or call the police?

Pharmacy Owner	Handle it or call police

General Manager Niu	You can't tell? He's poor

General Manager Niu	Call the police

Pharmacy Owner	Sure. I'll call them now

Wei Xiao Fu	Don't call the police

Wei Xiao Fu	I was afraid it would become a big deal

General Manager Niu	That's how it became a big deal

Wei Xiao Fu	Who dares to call the police? Don't!

Wei Xiao Fu	Stop, if you want to live

Pharmacy Owner	What do you mean? What do you want?

Wei Xiao Fu	Give it to me

Lan Lan	Give it over. Now

Xiao Wei	Hello, Police?

Wei Xiao Fu	Thinking back I really was confused

Wei Xiao Fu	I should have run; they wouldn't have stopped me

Wei Xiao Fu	But I --

Wei Xiao Fu	Give me the phone

Xiao Wei	We're being robbed!

Xiao Wei	The drug store by Gu Lou

Wei Xiao Fu	Give it to me! Let go!

Wu Jiang	When my sister was thrown to the ground

Wu Jiang	You just looked on

General Manager Niu	He was closest; he ran. What could I have done?

Pharmacy Owner	Of course I wanted to approach, but they left

Pharmacy Owner	I'm not experienced with one-on-one

Lan Lan	I wasn't scared, but he dragged me away

General Manager Niu	And then?

Zhong Wen	I'll tell the story for you

Zhong Wen	I was off-duty and passed by

Lan Lan	Comrade Police, something's happening there

Wei Xiao Fu	Don't move. Stay away

Lan Lan	He stole something. She called the police

Pharmacy Owner	The thief, he --

Zhong Wen	Step out

Wei Xiao Fu	Stop. Don't come over

Zhong Wen	Call dispatch, notify local police

Zhong Wen	I was thinking then --

Wu Jiang	I'll tell it for you

Wu Jiang	The criminals may kill the hostages

Wei Xiao Fu	Don't move! Back off

Wu Jiang	Captain Zhong has the power to --

Wei Xiao Fu	One more step and I'll kill her

Wu Jiang	-- easily and decisively kill you

Wei Xiao Fu	You're being ridiculous

Wu Jiang	If that were the case, there wouldn't be a problem

Zhong Wen	All life is precious.

Zhong Wen	Without understanding --

Wu Jiang	Captain Zhong is used to talking it out

Zhong Wen	There's no rush. Let's talk it out

Wu Jiang	But Zhong was distracted.

Wu Jiang	His wife was

Wu Jiang	run over by a car

Wu Jiang	and being treated in hospital

Wu Jiang	The hospital and his daughter kept calling him

Zhong Wen	I get it

Wei Xiao Fu	Why are you on the phone?

Zhong Wen	I'll be right there

Wei Xiao Fu	Hang up

Wu Jiang	Wei Xiaofu gets out of control

Wei Xiao Fu	Are you tricking me? What do you want?

Wei Xiao Fu	Do you think I'm bluffing?

Wu Jiang	And the rest is history

Reporter	LIVE

Reporter	Captain Zhong, tell us what's going on inside

Wei Xiao Fu	You tell great stories.

Wei Xiao Fu	How can you be sure?

Lan Lan	Were you there? How do you know everything?

Zhong Wen	Are you done speaking?

Zhong Wen	It's my turn

Zhong Wen	Miao will tell you, but she doesn't know much

Zhong Wen	That night, my wife was running a high fever

Zhong Wen	I was working and couldn't take her to hospital

Zhong Wen	She forbidden her to go

Zhong Wen	She took a cab alone, and the accident happened

Zhong Wen	I ignored my phone,

Zhong Wen	but felt something was wrong

Zhong Wen	I felt rushed that day

Wei Xiao Fu	Captain Zhong was so patient that day

Zhong Wen	Take your time, we'll talk everything out

Zhong Wen	When I called back I found out what happened

Zhong Wen	By the time I rushed to the hospital

Zhong Wen	it was too late

Zhong Wen	I wanted to explain to my daughter, but

Zhong Wen	she would neither listen to nor forgive me

Zhong Wen	I had tried to convince him to stop

Wei Xiao Fu	I took the drugs for my mom

Zhong Wen	Let's clarify everything and do what must be done

Zhong Wen	Let the girl go.

Zhong Wen	It would be bad if she got hurt

Zhong Wen	We'll think of a way to help your mother

Zhong Wen	Will that do?

Wei Xiao Fu	So can't you let me go?

Wei Xiao Fu	Please!

Zhong Wen	Wei was agitated.

Zhong Wen	Your sister was quite calm

Wei Xiao Fu	I didn't know what to do. Suddenly --

Zhong Wen	Accidents always happen suddenly

Wei Xiao Fu	Fine. Let me continue

Wei Xiao Fu	It was chaos outside. Your sister said, softly,

Xiao Wei	"Kill me"

Wu Jiang	What did she say?

Wei Xiao Fu	She spoke very softly. I thought I mis-heard

Wei Xiao Fu	What did you say?

Wu Jiang	You heard it, too

Zhong Wen	I heard her cry out, once

Wei Xiao Fu	That was her second cry

Wei Xiao Fu	What did you say?

Xiao Wei	"Kill me"

Wei Xiao Fu	What are you doing?

Wei Xiao Fu	It wasn't me; I didn't move

Pharmacy Police	Ambulance

Zhong Wen	She injured her carotid artery and bled to death

Zhong Wen	This is the truth you wanted

Wu Jiang	So my sister killed herself

Wei Xiao Fu	Of course. I used my knife as a bluff

Wei Xiao Fu	I never guessed she would grab it;

Wei Xiao Fu	it scared me

Wu Jiang	Why should I believe you?

Lan Lan	I believe him

Wu Jiang	You weren't even there

Lan Lan	She was troubled.

Lan Lan	See what drug she bought

Wu Jiang	What drug?

Wu Jiang	What drug did she buy?

General Manager Niu	Manager, I'm afraid you must tell us

Pharmacy Owner	What are you doing?

Lan Lan	Testing for leaks

Pharmacy Owner	You're paying for this

Xiao Wei	Sleeping pills

Pharmacy Owner	Prescription?

Xiao Wei	100 pills

Pharmacy Owner	By law, it's sold by prescription only

Pharmacy Owner	I am a man of principle

Wu Jiang	And then?

Lan Lan	I'll take over from here

Pharmacy Owner	The law is dead. People are live
Pharmacy Owner	A warning:
Pharmacy Owner	to pull a bluff, just take a few

Lan Lan	Can I buy them or not?

Pharmacy Owner	Sure,

Pharmacy Owner	but it doesn't cost this much

Pharmacy Owner	I'll give you a few more pills, then

Pharmacy Owner	Coming; one moment, please

Pharmacy Owner	Are you done?

Lan Lan	Yes

Pharmacy Owner	Continue

Pharmacy Owner	What? They're all the same

Lan Lan	You broke up?

Lan Lan	It's always that

Lan Lan	I've taken them before. It's horrible

Lan Lan	I didn't die, had my stomach pumped, vomitted like mad

Pharmacy Owner	What else did you say?

Lan Lan	Nothing

Pharmacy Owner	You're no angel.

Pharmacy Owner	I remember what you said next

Lan Lan	What true love?

Xiao Wei	I don't trust anyone any more

Lan Lan	There are so many men

Xiao Wei	We're not the same kind of people

Lan Lan	What do you mean?

Xiao Wei	Playing innocent

Lan Lan	You're so blind!

Lan Lan	Just go and die

Lan Lan	When did I say all that?

Pharmacy Owner	You said it

Lan Lan	Wu, I never did.

Lan Lan	I tried to talk her out of it

Pharmacy Owner	Your sister died because of what she said

Lan Lan	You sold her the drug knowing she was depressed

General Manager Niu	I can prove he sold her the drug

Pharmacy Owner	They're working together

Wu Jiang	Shut up!

Zhong Wen	Calm down.

Zhong Wen	They did find sleeping pills on her

Wu Jiang	Does buying sleeping pills equal suicide?

Zhong Wen	Extreme agitation may cause dire actions

Lan Lan	I know why

General Manager Niu	Watch what you say

Lan Lan	Half of female suicides are for a man

Pharmacy Owner	The other half are for several men

Lan Lan	Boss Wu

Lan Lan	I say so because I've done it

Lan Lan	I realize now it's not worth it, but many don't

Zhong Wen	Listen to me

Zhong Wen	I completely understand how you feel

Zhong Wen	It's hard to live alone abroad for so many years

Zhong Wen	Your sister was your only family, the light of your life

Zhong Wen	Knowing she died, you returned to investigate

Zhong Wen	or take it out on someone. That's natural

Wu Jiang	Go on. You have 5 more minutes

Zhong Wen	You planned this

Zhong Wen	to punish her killer, right?

Zhong Wen	Regardless of method,

Zhong Wen	you have the wrong target

Wu Jiang	You mean, you are all innocent

Zhong Wen	What Lan said makes sense

Wu Jiang	Explain yourself

Zhong Wen	There is something you must know

Zhong Wen	Your sister was pregnant at the time

Zhong Wen	She sees you as a parent;

Zhong Wen	she must have told you

Wu Jiang	Stop

Zhong Wen	When the M.E. discovered her pregnancy, we investigated

Zhong Wen	She had no marriage record,

Zhong Wen	and the father never came

Lan Lan	See? Men are not worth it!

Zhong Wen	Clearly no one here is the person you seek

Zhong Wen	Even if you find him, there might be a story there

Wu Jiang	You're trying to confuse me

Zhong Wen	I want to clear your mind

Wu Jiang	Even so, you're out of time

Zhong Wen	Look, you've made it like a trial today

Wu Jiang	Each one of you is guilty

Zhong Wen	The law has already --

Wu Jiang	You just watched as my sister died?

Wu Jiang	You, a cop,

Zhong Wen	I admit I made mistakes

Wu Jiang	It was your knife.

Wu Jiang	Does 10 years' jail pay for her life?

Wei Xiao Fu	What do you want of me?

Wu Jiang	Niu, Lan, you stood by while she died.

Wu Jiang	You're killers

General Manager Niu	What did I do?

General Manager Niu	No one minds others' business any more

Lan Lan	At least let me know why I have to die

Lan Lan	I helped her. I tried to talk her out of it

Lan Lan	She didn't trust anyone. It's not my fault

Wu Jiang	Manager

Zhong Wen / Wu Jiang	Put on your helmet  For a small profit, you let me sister die      

Pharmacy Owner	I'm not the only one.

Pharmacy Owner	And she didn't die from the dugs

Zhong Wen	No one shoots!

Zhong Wen	Tell them to put down their guns

Zhong Wen	Don't force me to shoot

Zhong Wen	Stop, Wu.

Zhong Wen	You can still live if you surrender now

Zhong Wen	No shooting

Lan Lan	Fine. Stop shouting or I will shoot you

Wei Xiao Fu	This is a great outfit

Zhong Wen	Drop your gus.

Miao Miao	Careful behind you, Dad

A Kun	Life is like a cocktail

A Kun	Drink it all to know

A Kun	if it was bitter or sweet

Wu Jiang	You're hard to handle

Wu Jiang	Meet Kun,

Wu Jiang	bartender and bomb maker

Pharmacy Owner	My leg

General Manager Niu	What do you want?

Wu Jiang	Don't worry. This is fake.

Wu Jiang	The real ones come later

Wu Jiang / General Manager Niu	None of you can hide from them Please! Spare us!        

Wu Jiang	Why didn't you just kill me?

Zhong Wen	Glad you understand.

Zhong Wen	I'm saving you

Wu Jiang	But it's over

Zhong Wen	Not yet

Zhong Wen	You're my sister's boyfriend, right?

Wu Jiang	What kind of joke is this?

Zhong Wen	I found half a picture among her things

Zhong Wen	I remember your tattoo

Zhong Wen	You've changed it,

Zhong Wen	but I still know it

Wu Jiang	Really?

Wu Jiang	Really?

A Kun	Since Zhong has said so, I'll tell you

A Kun	Yes,

A Kun	I am he

Wu Jiang	Interesting. I thought you escaped long ago

Wu Jiang	Yet you work and make bombs for me

Wu Jiang	Why are you pointing your gun at me?

A Kun	I want to see how you avenge Mei's death

Wu Jiang	Good for you. We're really all here

A Kun	I was a coward then

A Kun	But now I know I'll be last to go,

A Kun	I fear nothing

Wu Jiang	Speak quickly. You have 2 minutes to live

A Kun	Wu, you had a part in her death, too

Wu Jiang	What?

A Kun	She told me

A Kun	you didn't want her to be with me

A Kun	But I genuinely fell in love

A Kun	with her

A Kun	She got pregnant and told you

A Kun	But you said you'd come to kill me.

A Kun	She was so hurt

A Kun	There was no hope for me,

A Kun	so I broke up with her

A Kun	That night, we had a big fight

A Kun	She stormed out, crying.

A Kun	I ran after her

A Kun	Even that fnal time we looked at each other

A Kun	we never knew how fragile life would be

A Kun	I lived for revenge.

A Kun	Now I know how much she hated me

A Kun	What one didn't treasure, one may not salvage

A Kun	Right, Wu?

Wu Jiang	Come, the gun is in your hands

A Kun	Wu

A Kun	I wronged her the most

A Kun	I most deserve to die

Zhong Wen	Get down

Zhong Wen	Miao!

Miao Miao	Dad, I'm here

Miao Miao	Dad I'm here

Zhong Wen	You missed the first train

Wu Jiang	I could have gotten on, but there's no point

Wu Jiang	You destroyed my plan

Zhong Wen	Your plan? Why must you harm my daughter?

Wu Jiang	Everyone's lives are worthless except Mei's

Zhong Wen	No one has the right to take others' lives in anger

Wu Jiang	Stay away

Wu Jiang	My sister didn't deserve to die

Zhong Wen	So you have to hurt more people?

Zhong Wen	If she were alive, would she want this?

Wu Jiang	But she's dead.

Wu Jiang	She'll never return

Zhong Wen	Then you must treasure life even more

Miao Miao	Dad

Zhong Wen	Let my daughter go

Wu Jiang	This is the same scene as 5 years ago

Wu Jiang	Shoot. You get a merit. I get to die.

Wu Jiang	Win-win

Wu Jiang	Of course, there may be accidents

Zhong Wen	I beg you, let my daughter go

Wu Jiang	If I do, will it be over?

Zhong Wen	You must pay for your actions

Wu Jiang	Throw the gun over

Miao Miao	Don't obey. Don't let him have the gun

Wu Jiang	Throw the gun over

Zhong Wen	Wu Jiang

Wu Jiang	You're right. Someone must pay

Wu Jiang	I will do anything for my sister

Wu Jiang	Sadly, now I know I'll never escape

Wu Jiang	Zhong, we will have this last game

Wu Jiang	There's 1 bullet left. Shoot before the next train

Wu Jiang	Shoot me and I'll stab her neck

Wu Jiang	Shoot yourself and she lives

Miao Miao	Dad, don't believe him

Wu Jiang	Shoot me and I'll stab her neck

Wu Jiang	Shoot yourself and she lives

Wu Jiang	Don't shoot, I'll kill her anyway

Wu Jiang	Who lives? Who dies? It's up to you

Zhong Wen	I was late then because I was saving someone else

Miao Miao	I was wrong to blame you

Zhong Wen	Unfortunately, I failed there, too

Wu Jiang	Zhong, the train is coming

Zhong Wen	I'll take responsibility for your sister's death

Zhong Wen	My daughter

Zhong Wen	has nothing to do with this

Zhong Wen	Please don't hurt her, no matter what

Wu Jiang	I want to see you be that kind of father

Wu Jiang	I'll give you 10 seconds before I shoot

Miao Miao	No, Dad

Zhong Wen	Child,

Zhong Wen	I've been a bad father.

Zhong Wen	I had no time for you,

Zhong Wen	and made you feel vulnerable.

Zhong Wen	Sorry

Zhong Wen	But...for you

Zhong Wen	I will do anything

Wu Jiang	...1

Wu Jiang	Sorry. I removed the bullet just now

Wu Jiang	I would do anything for my sister

Wu Jiang	A small trick

Wu Jiang	Zhong, I admire you. Go

Zhong Wen	Wait for me on the platform

Miao Miao	Dad, I cannot go

Zhong Wen	Go, get someone! This is an order! Now!

Zhong Wen	Run

Wu Jiang	Is there anything else, Zhong?

Zhong Wen	I must arrest you

Wu Jiang	Say I vanished.

Wu Jiang	I'll do anything for my sister

Wu Jiang	I'd die for her

Zhong Wen	Wu Jiang!

Wu Jiang	Get out of my way

Zhong Wen	It's not worth it

Zhong Wen	I'll take the blame for my deeds

Wu Jiang	Ignore me , as if I were a bug

Wu Jiang	Don't worry about me

Wu Jiang	Give up. You can still live

Wu Jiang	Goodbye
	Down the well-lit street
	A cold spell suddenly attacks
	Distant warmth cannot
	Relieve nearby sorrows
	Am I just going with the flow?
	As long as the story continues
	I must remain on defense
	Loyal to my own battle

Caption Wu	Hurry, get a doctor!

Caption Wu	Hang in there

Zhong Wen	You threw the switch?

Caption Wu	Yes; perfect timing, right?
	What can I use for my rescue
	When love has drained away
	Who can keep whom
	Who will my heart wait for
	What can I use for my rescue
	Love is like a poison arrow
	Who can protect whom
	Who can make love last forever

Zhong Wen	Wait

Chief Zhang 	Good one, brother

Zhong Wen	That hurt

Chief Zhang 	All hostages are safe;

Chief Zhang 	no penalty for you

Zhong Wen	How's Wei Xiaofu?


Chief Zhang 	He's a tough kid

Chief Zhang 	Take care of your father

Miao Miao	Dad, you're great

Zhong Wen	I'm very ordinary

Miao Miao	Stop being humble, cop

Zhong Wen	Take it easy on me from now on

Caption Wu	Wu Jiang says, you win this round

Caption Wu	This is for you. He says goodbye

Jackie Chan	Double slate

Jackie Chan	Would you dare clap it on my nose?

Crew	Watch his foot!

Jackie Chan	Why didn't we use a fake knife?

Crew	Sorry, Jackie

Jackie Chan	Go again

Jackie Chan	Fake it;

Jackie Chan	we're shooting a movie, Bro

Jackie Chan	Then you go and fight

Crew	Stop

Crew	Jackie

Crew	Your ear

Crew	It looks funny again

Crew	Your nose

Crew	Let's do another take

Crew	Go again

Crew	Again

Crew	Wait

Crew	This is no good

Jackie Chan	It's so hard

Jackie Chan	Can we do this?

Jackie Chan	This won't work

Jackie Chan	So you want this

Jackie Chan	This way, then

Jackie Chan	It's so difficult!

Jackie Chan	He's just not a good choice;

Jackie Chan	Look at the...$%...%&!@&...

Jackie Chan	I'm speaking Portuguese

Jackie Chan	Just look at the company you keep --

Jackie Chan	Look at the people he's with

Jackie Chan	Slap me

Jackie Chan	Please slap me

Jackie Chan	Slap me

Jackie Chan	I beg you, slap me

Jackie Chan	I beg you, slap me

Miao Miao	Jackie

Jackie Chan	You're just not good company --

Jackie Chan	the company...(nonsense)

Jackie Chan	You're not in good company --

Jackie Chan	Who is good company --

Jackie Chan	You shouldn't be in company --

Jackie Chan	He's with different people every day --

Jackie Chan	I quit

Jackie Chan	I'll refund my pay

Jackie Chan	Stand still

	Hello

Jackie Chan	Say it boldly

Jackie Chan	He's afraid

Jackie Chan	then he &%&...!!
	He's on screen

Jackie Chan	What have you done?

Miao Miao	Jackie

Miao Miao	Don't

Jackie Chan	I didn't

Jackie Chan	Go

Liu Ye	Now you're talking like a good father

Jackie Chan	I have another line; go again

Jackie Chan	Sorry

Jackie Chan	I'll punch you later

Jackie Chan	Damn

Jackie Chan	It won't break

Jackie Chan	That really hurts

Jackie Chan	Go again Yes!

Crew	Jackie broke it

Jackie Chan	I've proven I can break it

Jackie Chan	You said it's unbreakable

Jackie Chan	So I had to break it

Jackie Chan	Especially with Jaycee Fang here

Jackie Chan	I must prove it to him

Jackie Chan	Why won't it open?

Jackie Chan	What's going on?
