THOMAS	Not long ago, we had a Great Railway show. Engines from all around the world came to the Mainland to compete…

THOMAS 	…I made some really good friends…

THOMAS	...but afterwards, they all had to go home.  And right now, they are all traveling back. 

THOMAS	I wonder where they are now.

STORYTELLER	Great Race Friends Near and Far. 

STORYTELLER	Etienne and Axel were puffing through France on their way home. But Etienne was showing off...

STORYTELLER	'You see, I am the fastest engine there has ever been,' said Etienne. 'And I'm quiet too!' 

STORYTELLER	'Really...?' Said Axel. 'You see... with an electric engine this is no clinking and clanking and a chuffing and a puffing, just a smooth wheels on the rails...' Axel was starting to wish he was on his own. 

STORYTELLER	But then Etienne and Axel arrived at a station. The station master was very pleased to see them...

STORYTELLER	'I'm glad you’re here, I have lots of passengers that need to be taken to the mountains and their train is broken down!'

STORYTELLER	'Don't you worry, 'I'm the fastest engine in the world, I will get your passengers to the mountains before you can say Mont Blanc!' 

STORYTELLER	'But you can’t take them, you’re an electric engine, and there are no electric cables on the mountain tracks!'

STORYTELLER	'It looks like I'm the engine for this job!' Said Axel. 'As long as your passengers don't mind a bit of chuffing and puffing!' 

STORYTELLER	'Of course we don't!' Cheered all the passengers. 

STORYTELLER	'You might be fast when you have electric cables Etienne, but only steam can get you into these mountains!'

STORYTELLER      	Soon, Axel was on his way through the mountains. He was enjoying the peace and quiet. 

STORYTELLER	It wasn't long before Axel arrived at the mountain station. 'Thank you,' said his passengers.

STORYTELLER	But as Axel puffed back through the mountains, he started to feel a little lonely. 'I kind of miss Etienne's boasting...and I bet he would like to see the mountains...'

STORYTELLER	When Axel arrived back, he could see that Etienne was unhappy. 'How did you like the mountains?' 'They were very beautiful, would you like to see them?' 'But there are no electric cables for me in the mountains,' 'Ha ha maybe not, but a friendly steam engine could show you anyway!' 

STORYTELLER	So Axel buffered up behind Etienne and pushed him along the tracks.

STORYTELLER	'You know, I think steam engines might be nearly as good as electric engines after all.' 

THOMAS	I hope all my friends are having a fun journey, and I hope I see them again one day.
		

