NIGEL	Hello and welcome Thomas fans to another Top Five Sodor Moments. And welcome to me good friend Stan.

STAN	Hello, Nigel. So what are we looking at today?

NIGEL	Well today, Stan we're going slightly 'off the beaten track' and looking at the top five engine 'Derailments'.

STAN	Oooh! Nasty business for an engine, derailing...

NIGEL	That's right, Stan. An engine and its track should never be parted!

STAN	Indeed. So at number five kicking things off is Hiro!

NIGEL	Hiro wasn't exactly kicked off the rails, but as you can see he collided with some pipes lying across the track.

STAN	And what were those pipes doing there? Having a rest, were they?

NIGEL	Don't be silly, Stan that would be very dangerous. No, they were part of Thomas' cargo. They came loose and fell all over Hiro's track!

STAN	Ah, Yes! Now, I don't think that would have happened if Thomas hadn't been going quite so fast.

NIGEL	Yes, and looking at Thomas now, I think he's feeling a bit sheepish about the whole incident?

STAN	Yes, Nigel and without bleating on about it there's a woolly tale in at number four.

NIGEL	I can't see any woolly tails. But I can see a lot of wool bales. Tell us how this derailment happened?

STAN	Well as usual, Willy the farmer was running late. He was driving too fast and...

NIGEL	And he had a bit of an accident?

STAN	Exactly! And you can see just at that moment Rex was coming down the line and Crash! Wallop! Bam! Screech, Squelch, Kaboom!

NIGEL	Stan, Stan...let's not get carried away eh?

STAN	Er, oh, sorry about that. But talking about getting carried away, in at number three is Skiff!

NIGEL	Ahh, yes. Skiff's sail came loose and the wind carried him away down the line right into a fallen tree!

STAN	Aaah, but in this case Skiff's derailment had a happy ending!

STAN	Indeed it did. Skiff managed to save not one but two engines from a serious accident and almost certainly from getting derailed themselves. 

STAN	He's a brave little rail-boat, that Skiff!

NIGEL	Certainly is! And talking about being Brave. I'm about to tell you the 'Tale of the Brave'. It's Percy!

STAN	That's right. Percy is in at number two!

NIGEL	When James charged into the quarry and caused a landslide... 

STAN	...It was Percy who rushed in to save him!

NIGEL	Yes! Percy saved James without any thought for his own safety. 

STAN	Wow, what an engine! And I think we should also give credit to Marion who managed such a great catch!

NIGEL	Very true, Stan. An excellent catch! Does she play basket ball?

STAN	I don't think so, Nigel. But I do know she likes digging... 

NIGEL	So Stan, don't keep us in suspense any more! What is our number one derailment? 

STAN	It's Thomas! And this is a big one! Thomas came off the rails, plunged the depths, walked the plank and was scuttled at the bottom of a deep cave. 

NIGEL	You mean he was derailed by falling down a hole where he discovered a pirate ship!

STAN	Exactly! It's quite a long way down isn't it?

NIGEL	I'd say at least three fathoms...
STAN	At least, ooh probably a bit more.

NIGEL	So there we have it, Stan. Our Top five engine derailments. But before we go I'd like to reassure viewers that no engines were hurt during the making of this film.

STAN	Quite right Nigel! Well, until next time.

NIGEL	...A few scratches perhaps, the odd bent coupling rod.

STAN	<clears throat> When we see you again for more Top Five Sodor Moments!

NIGEL	...What is a fathom? 

