NIGEL	Hello and welcome Thomas fans to another busy day on Sodor... And welcome to my good friend Stan. So what are we looking at today Stan?

STAN 	Well, Nigel today we're looking at Sodor's Top Five 'Scary Moments'.


NIGEL	Ah yes, these are the Top Five frightening, spooky, creepy, spine-tingling... Stan?

STAN 	What?

NIGEL	Stan, you'll need to open your eyes if you want to actually see the Top Five Scary Moments.

STAN	Oh sorry yes. (Deep breath) Right. In at number five are... Dinosaurs!

NIGEL	Dinosaurs? You mean teeth, claws, loud roar sort of dinosaurs?

STAN	Well, kind of... But they certainly gave Marion a bit of a fright when she saw them coming towards her on Ulfstead Hill.

NIGEL	Did they catch her?

STAN 	No! They were on their way to the Dinosaur Park.

NIGEL	Out for a fun day playing on the swings and slides, were they?

STAN 	No, they were just models to be put on display at the park.

NIGEL	Hmm only a bit frightening, then...

STAN	So if dinosaurs are number five, who’s at number four? 

NIGEL	It's Henry! 

STAN	Henry? I don't think I'd call Henry scary.

NIGEL	Well, more spooky really, Stan. Especially after his new coat of paint.

STAN	Oh yes, a new coat of luminous paint!

NIGEL	That's right, Stan. The other engines thought Henry was some kind of ghost train because he glowed in the dark.

STAN	Ohhhh. So, Nigel who's at number three?

NIGEL	Well, Stan it's not a 'who' but a 'what'.

STAN	A scary 'what'. Sounds fascinating.

NIGEL	It's dynamite!

STAN	I'm sure it is!

NIGEL	No, Stan it’s really Dynamite! And for one nerve-racking moment this dynamite nearly caused a nasty accident.

STAN	Yes, Nigel. But Thomas saved the day when he cleverly disposed of the dynamite down a deep hole.

NIGEL	Kaboom! Serious stuff, dynamite...

STAN	Yes. In at number two is Percy!

NIGEL  	Percy???

STAN	Well, not Percy exactly, but Percy's mail run... It's always at night, and Percy thought he saw lots of creepy things hiding in the shadows.

NIGEL	That's right, Stan! There were creepy hay-stacks and creepy signal boxes and creepy rabbits!

STAN	<gasp> Creepy rabbits!?? 

NIGEL	Oh, yes! Scary hoppy rabbits! Scary hoppy  hopetty rabitty....

STAN	Er, moving on.. um well I don't think they'll be as scary as our number one scary moment. Because the top spot goes to... The Abominable Snowman!
NIGEL	Certainly sounds spine-chilling! 

STAN	Well, it certainly was for The Fat Controller! He got himself completely covered in snow and gave Henry and Spencer quite a surprise!

NIGEL	Oh, dear. It looks like The Fat Controller needs to go home and have a nice cup of tea. There's 'snow' place like home, Stan!

STAN   	<chuckles>

NIGEL	So, our Top Five Scary Moments weren't all that scary after all were they, Stan? ...Stan?

NIGEL	It's OK Stan, the scary bunnies have gone now...

STAN 	Oh…well, until next time then. When we see you again for more Top  Sodor Moments. 

NIGEL	Ha very bunny.  
