nigel	welcome thomas fans! it’s time again to spend some quality time with me and my good friend stan, as we take you on a another journey across the great northern railway.
nigel	stan, please tell our lovely viewers what we have in store for them today?
stan	well nigel, we’ll be taking a look at the most famous tank engine in the world, thomas! 
nigel	thomas! the number one blue tank engine!
stan	ooh well actually nigel, i think you’ll find that when thomas first arrived on sodor he was green...
nigel	green?! green? i’m speechless! i can’t believe it! (continues speaking as stan cuts him off) 
stan	(interrupting) well yes, when thomas first arrived on sodor from the mainland, he was the smallest engine on the railway.
nigel	like the new kid on the block stan! he didn’t find it easy to fit in did he?
stan	that’s right nigel, thomas had to prove he could be really useful to sir topham hatt and the other engines. 
nigel	and is that? is that...how he became the number one engine?
stan	oh yes, you’re absolutely right nigel, not only was thomas painted blue, but he was also given his famous number one.
nigel	i couldn’t imagine him with any other number stan. please do go on.
stan	well thomas had some early run ins with gordon and after mastering the art of shunting, he was given his first opportunity to pull a passenger train.
nigel	ooh messed up, didn’t he?
stan	well yes unfortunately little thomas was so excited he raced off before the passenger coaches had been coupled.
nigel	and then there was that time he pulled a goods train! 
stan	ooh yes those troublesome trucks gave him a tough time, pushing poor thomas forward down that hill.
nigel	that is why it’s always important to listen stan! edward tried to tell thomas to be careful with those troublesome trucks, but did thomas listen?
stan	well...
nigel	no! he didn’t! and those troublesome trucks nearly ran him off the rails.
stan	yes they di
nigel	always listen carefully to advice stan. that’s what i say, it’s the best way to learn.
stan	i couldn’t agree more, nigel
nigel	i bet the other engines laughed and teased thomas about that eh stan?
stan	yes they did indeed, poor thomas was so embarrassed.
nigel	but it was harmless teasing from the other engines stan, nothing nasty, just some good old engine banter.
stan	yes but let’s not be too hard on thomas, he soon proved himself  when james raced through the shunting yard out of control.... without any hesitation thomas raced to the rescue.
nigel	can i stop you there stan? i thought james was a red engine?
stan	not at first nigel no, james was originally painted black and had old wooden brakes which caught fire.
nigel 	oh deer.
stan	thomas tried desperately to be coupled to james to slow him down, but it was too late and james crashed into a field.
nigel	ohh and that’s quite a spectacular crash stan! tell me, what did thomas do next?
stan	thomas raced to get the breakdown train
nigel	keep going
stan	well he was able to pull james to safety 
nigel	i’m dying to hear more but the producer’s winding us up, tell me more, tell me more. 
stan	james was fixed and painted red!
nigel	don’t stop!
stan	and thomas was rewarded with his own branch line!
Nigel	and we are out of time...thank you  very much for listening goodby
stan	goodbye!
