William	Ladies and gentlemen, we have just reached our cruising altitude. This is William Strong, your pilot to fly you across the pond. My co-pilot is Daniel Prentice. We're looking at a total flight time of just around seven and a half hours, which will just put us on the ground in London, England right on time. Forecast calls for clear skies so sit back, relax, and enjoy your ride. You didn't get that haircut we talked about after your vacation.

Daniel		It's still within regulations.

William	Barely. [Chuckles]

Cameron	Sir, are you doing okay? Okay. Here you go, Sweetie.

FPassenger	Thank you. 

Cameron	Sir, can I get you anything?

Cindy		Oh, another late night, party girl?

Cameron	Oh, shush.

Daniel		Will, all cross checks are done. Been in the air a while. How are you doing?

William	Just a few more hours to Heathrow.

William	Hey, wingman. You're making me nervous. Something up over there?

Daniel		I don't know.

William	Maybe a short somewhere?

Daniel		[Chuckles] See? All you need is just a little-

William	Come on, Daniel, disengage your yoke and get it figured out. Gander Center, this is IA 42. We seem to be having some intermittent instrument problems. We're trying to sort them out. IA 42.

Control Tower	Understood IA 42. You're looking at clear skies ahead of you in all directions. Let us know if you need assistance.

William	Will do, IA 42. Daniel, I can't fly like this, man. Dammit. We better- Whoa. Gander Center, this is IA 42. I thought you said we had clear skies.

Control Tower	You had clear skies five seconds ago IA 42. It popped up on our screens out of nowhere. Squak 7700. Do you have any way around this? We're showing it right on top of you.

William	Ladies and gentlemen, please return to your seats. We seem to be having some turbul- Crew, secure the cabin and return to your seats immediately.

Daniel		Shit! Think we can fly around it?

William	I think we'll have to go straight through. Give me a hand. She's rolling.

Cameron	(BREATHING HARD)

Daniel	It's night already? Sunset wasn't for another 40 or 50 minutes. We didn't black out or anything, did we?

William	No, nothing like that. Sorry about that everyone. We had a sudden storm pop up there. Good news is we've passed the worst of it. It should be smooth sailing from here on in. You'll notice that while we were going through that storm the sun went down. That will happen sometimes when you cross the tip of the Bermuda Triangle. Don't worry. You'll catch another sunset tomorrow.

Daniel		The tip of the Bermuda Triangle?

William	As good an answer as any.

Teresa		Anyone else's internet connection down?

Brian		Yeah, my phone signal is down too.

Daniel		Jesus. You seeing this?

William	I've got altitude, airspeed, fuel, but that's just enough to keep us airborne. Three-quarters of a tank. Looking fine but that's assuming we're still on course.

Daniel		You've got control. Disengaging.

William	Gander Center, this is IA 42. We've gone through the storm but it seems most of our instruments are out requiring assistance. IA 42. Gander Center, this is London-bound IA 42. Do you read me? I'm not getting anything.

Daniel		Fuses are good. I don't know what's going on.

William	Check the backup system. There has to be something working. 

Daniel		On it.

William	Gander Center, this is IA 42. Do you copy? Still nothing. You?

Daniel		We've got one thing humming along just fine.

William	Thank God for that. What is it?

Daniel	Our radar system. Only thing that wasn't replaced last time they upgraded international airline avionics.

William	As long as that's operational. It's a step in the right direction.

Briana		How are you guys doing over here?

FPassenger	Good, thank you.

Wendy		Thank you.

Cameron	Can I get you something to drink?

Dale		Sorry. Were you standing there long?

Cameron	No, it's fine. What can I get you?

Dale		Ginger ale. It got dark early, didn't it?

Cameron	I'm sure it's just because of the storm, like the captain said.

Bennett	Thank you.

Cameron	So, what brings you gentlemen to England? Business or pleasure?

Dale		Both!

Bennett	We're history professors. Akron University. There's a convention just outside of London.

Dale	They've discovered some amazing pre-war artifacts and several distinguished members are-

Bennett	You don't have to bore the poor woman.

Dale		Her eyes are glazing over already.

Cameron	No, it's fine. I just need to finish this side of the plane but I'd love to hear more so I'll come back.

Dale		I'm going to hold you to that.

Bennett	Get out now, while you still can! Alright, about the Hitler map of Argentina-

Cameron	What are you working on there?

Nigel	Oh me? Just trying to keep track of everything. You see, when you get to my age you have to stay on top of things because, well, you never know when you're going to get another chance. [CHUCKLES]

Cameron	Well, I'll let you get back to it then.

Nigel		Thanks a lot.

Daniel		Huh, that's weird.

William	Have you got some more good news for me?

Daniel		Take a look.

William	There's nothing there.

Daniel		Not a blip.

William	Is the radar malfunctioning too?

Daniel	I thought so at first but the coordinates are moving with us. If this thing were on the fritz it wouldn't be working at all.

William	So we're flying deaf but not completely blind.

Daniel		There should be some air traffic showing up around us.

William	Okay, let's make a loop. Try to find someone or something.

Daniel		Nothing. Bupkiss. According to the radar, we're all alone up here.

William	Maybe the storm diverted traffic. We'll wait until those radios come back up.

Daniel		What if it doesn't? We're still a couple of hours away from London.

William	That's assuming we didn't get turned around or blown off course. If we duck under the cloud cover we may be able to find some visual cue from a shipping lane or maybe a message being relayed from a cargo ship.

Daniel		You sure that's the right move?

William	If no one can hear us on the ground. That's the only move we've got.

Cameron	This is Cameron.

William	Hey, Hicks. How's everything going back there?

Cameron	We're all a little rattled but we're fine.

William	Good. I'll be making an announcement. And I want the crew back in their seats when we're making a descent.

Cameron	Is everything okay?

William	Just trying to get away from some of this, uh, high level wind shear. Just get everyone strapped in, okay?

Cameron	Sure.

Briana		Everything okay?

Cameron	We need to get everyone to their seats. We're making a descent. He says it's to get away from the turbulence.

Spencer	What turbulence?

William	Ladies and gentlemen, we'd like everyone to get back in their seats. We're trying to get away from this turbulence, so we'll be ducking under the clouds for a bit. Pretty routine stuff but we'd like everyone buckled in just in case.

Cindy		All secure back here, Captain. You okay?

Cameron	Yeah, I'm fine.

Cindy	Trust me, when you've been doing this as long as I have, you've seen it all. This is nothing.

Cameron	Okay.

Daniel		Land? The Atlantic should be below us.

William	Yes, it should be.

Daniel		Okay, so we got blown off course.

William	Gander Center, do you copy?

Daniel	Keep your eyes open for a radio tower. Blinking lights. Anything. Radar says we've got smaller craft about twenty kilometers away. But they're all bunched up.

William	Are you sure that's aircraft?

Daniel	Never seen anything like that before. I'm not sure of anything but we're closing in on whatever the hell this is.

William	It's too hazy up ahead. Could be another storm.

Daniel		That's not a storm. Looks more like a....fire!

Cameron	Oh my god!

William	Oh god.

Daniel		Jesus Christ! Well, we got something close! Coming in hot on our nine!

William	Daniel, kill the nav lights! Shit! We're a sitting duck out here! Hang on! Watch that radar.

Ray		Hey, Wh-what's going on?

Wendy	What's happening is we're going to get shot down just like those other planes in the Ukraine.

Cameron	As soon as the captain has things under control I am sure he'll inform us as to exac-

Ray		Hey, I'm just trying to get some answers, okay?

Cameron	As soon as we know what's going on sir, we'll let you know.

Ray		What? No! No. We want answers!

Cameron	Sir, let go of me.

Cindy		Sir, if you don't sit down we will have to restrain you. Now sit down!

Ray		Fine.

William	Strong.

Cameron	Will, what's going on?

William	We're trying to get a handle on this. Is everyone okay back there?

Cameron	Everyone's fine. Just confused and concerned.

William	Let me address the plane. We'll let you know as soon as we can. Just keep everybody calm, okay?

Daniel		Looks like we're clear. Nothing anywhere close.

William	I'm going to keep putting some distance between us and them. In a few minutes we'll try to duck below again, okay?

Daniel		What? Will, that didn't work out so great last time.

William	We also don't know where we are. Without instruments all we've got left are the landmarks and we can't find them from above the clouds. Ladies and gentlemen, our apologies for that scare. We got blown off course a little because of that storm, but we appear to be out of danger. We ask that you all please bear with us and stay calm. The flight crew is here to help.

Bennett	Excuse me, sorry.

Cameron	No, no problem. How can I help?

Bennett	Um, we were actually hoping we could help you.

Cameron	Sorry, gentlemen. I don't have time right now. It'll have to wait.

Bennett	Oh!

Cameron	Captain? It's Cameron.

William	This isn't the best time to ta-

Bennett	Captain, my name is Bennett and this is my colleague, Dale.

William	No! You can't be in the cockpit. Hicks, get them out of here!

Cameron	Roger! Briana! We need some help!

Bennett	Captain, do you know what sort of aircraft that was back there?

William	I want you guys back in your seats.

Dale		They were Junkers Ju 88s. A couple Heinkel He 111s. German.

William	I made it very clear!

Bennett	No one's made prop planes like that since 1945!

Dale	You have to listen to us! There's no way that those planes should still be flying!

William	Gentlemen!

Bennett	You seem to be flying without your instruments, Captain.

William	Are you two in on this?!

Bennett	No, no! Of course not! We can see they're down!

Daniel	We are flying without most of them. Everything that talks to a satellite. The radar's the only thing that's working.

Dale		Complete signal loss? Almost as if there are no satellites?

William	You have thirty seconds.

Bennett	Is your radio working?

William	We're getting some static but I think that-

Dale		But you haven't been able to contact anyone since you passed through.

William	Something like that.

Dale	That's because there weren't many allied radio towers on the western front in 1940.

Richard	Hey. Take it easy. Try to sleep.

Sara		I can't sleep now.

Richard	Me neither. That's odd.

Dale	Based on the coastline. The planes. We believe we just flew through the bombing of Saint Nazaire.

Bennett	June, 1940. Massive German bombing on the west coast of France.

William	I don't have time for this. Get these conspiracy theorists back in there seats

Cameron	Alright, come on.

Dale	Wait! We can help you figure out where we are. If you get back below the clouds again...we do know a little bit about the geography of World War II.

William	Okay, okay! You guys can help out. But get back to your seats now.

Dale		Of course, Captain.

Bennett	At a lower altitude, you'll be better off picking up weaker frequencies of the '40s.

William	I don't want to hear anything about time travel, Okay? Let's just figure out where we are first.

Dale	Even though it looks outdated, that radar's still more advanced than anything the Germans are using at this point!

William	Enough. Now go back to your seats.

Bennett	The point is, that radar will keep you one steps ahead if we come across on of those anymore planes.

William	Even if you are right, which is a massive, massive if, how do you propose we get back, huh?

Bennett	We look for another weather anomaly. If one of those things brought us here another one should be able to bring us back.

Daniel		So we look for another storm.

Bennett	Yeah.

William	Crew, would you getting them back to their seats please?

Cameron	Yeah, right now, gentlemen.

William	And hey, all of you, not a word to anyone. Okay?

Bennett	Okay.

Cameron	Gentlemen, please.

William	We're having electrical issues.

Cameron	What about the planes? And the bombs?

William	I just don't want anyone to panic, okay?

Cameron	Okay we'lll handle it.

Daniel	Captain, we'll get through this. I've flown with you a million times. You've never let me down once.

William	We'll be making another controlled descent but there's nothing to worry about. Thank you for your cooperation and patience.

Dale		I don't see how you can make that leap.

Bennett	Well it makes sense. Look, it's logical...

Dale		And when exactly did you get your physics degree, professor?

Bennett	Oh shut up, I'm telling you it's going to work.

Dale		It's not. You can't know that.

Cameron	Can I help you, sir?

Ray		What did the captain say?

Cameron	You heard him. We're moving to a lower altitude to assess the situation.

Ray		Okay...but what's going on?

Cameron	I assure you, sir, you'll know when everyone else does. Now please let go of my arm. Thank you. I promise, if you touch me again, you're going to have an entirely different set of problems to deal with.

Bennett	Okay, if we can pick out any landmarks at all...

Dale	It'll be tricky without the 21st century light pollution.  You're certain that that was Saint-Nazaire?

Bennett	It was the only coastline bombing of that scope in 1940.

Dale		Alright, alright.

Bennett	Give me some pencils, Scheduling, Okay.

Daniel		Let's keep an eye out for storms.

William	Don't you start. Time travel storm is just insane.

Daniel		I know. None of this makes any sense.

William	It will start to make sense once we know where we are. So lets focus on that for now, okay? Mayday. This is IA Flight 42 out of Dallas. Open transmission to anyone. We were en route to Heathrow and we got blown off course. Looking for assistance. Repeat. This is IA Flight 42. Mayday. Is anyone out there? Over.

Daniel	You're clear for miles according to the radar. Let's try to figure out where the hell we are.

Bennett	Hey, over there. Is that a river?

Dale	Man...maybe? Sketch it anyway. This is unbelievable. I mean, right now below us the invasion is in full swing.

Bennett	If this really is June, Hitler is about half way through the tour of his forces. Another week from now, he'll be in Paris.

Daniel		Shouldn't there be lights? Cities?

William	Probably just a power outage. It would explain why we can't hail anyone. Repeat. This is Flight 42. If anyone can hear me, please acknowledge. French, I think. Maybe those guys are right. Maybe we are in France. Whoa, whoa, whoa, wait, wait wait.  Is that German?

Nigel		Flight. Repeat. Airspace. Over.

William	Hello? This is Captain William Strong. IA Flight 42. Do you copy?

Nigel		Violation of international airspace. Please identify yourself.

William	This is Captain William Strong, requesting assistance. Do you copy?

Nigel	Captain? Listen, whoever this is, this is a localized channel to be used for emergencies only. Over.

William	This is Flight 42 out of Dulles. We've been flying blind. We think we just saw some German bombers.

Nigel		Bombers? You're claiming to be aboard an aircraft?

William	Yes! Hello?

Nigel	Radio: My name is Corporal Nigel Sheffield. My position is classified but it's my duty to intercept long-range transmissions. And it's simply not possible for you to be aboard an aircraft.

William	Look, I don't have time to mess around. Can you just get us in touch with civilian air traffic control. We need to land asap.

Nigel		Air traffic control?! This is a war zone!

William	Anyone who can help us. Anyone! Alright Captain. What branch of the military are you with? We are a commercial airline. International.

Nigel		And you've flown through a German bombing run? No. Absurd.

William	Look, can you just help us get our bearing? What is the GMT?

Nigel		Fine, Captain. It's 17th June, 21:30 hours.

Daniel		And the year?

Nigel		Are you joking?

William	Let's all just get on the same page, Nigel, okay?

Nigel	It's the 17th June, 1940. Do they not stock calendars on commercial airlines? If this charade is quite finished, I highly recommend you get off this channel and-

William	Listen! I don't know if you're part of some sick hoax but we are in distress! You're the only person we've been able to reach.

Nigel		Hoax?! Certainly not. Now kindly remove yourself from this frequency and-

William	How do I convince you that we are a commercial airline in distress?!

Nigel		I'm sure I don't know, Captain.

Dale		Here. Here! It has to be. So if that's Rene then that means...

Bennett	Oh we got to tell the captain. Come on.

William	Look, even if this is a hoax, Nigel, whoever you are. All we've got is our fuel gauge, altitude, and radar that's working at the moment. Your radar? You know, radio detection? Scans the skies and lets you know where other aircrafts and objects are.

Nigel	Well that certainly sounds familiar to the RDF technology we Brits are developing but I've nothing like that at my disposal.

William	Well that's the only thing that's keeping us up in the air at the moment.

Bennett	Captain, we think we know where we are.

William	Nigel, I've just been joined by a couple of history professors. They think they know where we are.

Nigel		I beg your pardon?

Bennett	We were able to pick out a very identifiable river and surrounding hills.

Dale	We've just passed over Rennes, in the northwest of France. Based on the timing since the bombing, it's our best guess. We're relatively certain that we flew through the bombing of Saint-Nazaire, where the RMS Lancastria was attacked and sunk.

Nigel		Sunk? The Lancastria? Even if that were true, how could you possibly...

Dale	You're going to find this hard to believe but... We were en route from D.C. to London. In the 21st century and we flew through a storm...something... and now we're here.

Nigel		This is highly-

William	Oh forget about that. This is what we know: we're up here all alone and we're in a war zone. Nigel, we could die without your help.

Dale		What if we were able to tell you about the bombing of Saint-Nazaire?

Nigel		What could you tell me?

Bennett	The air forces... Junker Ju 88s, Heinkel He 111s, a Messerschmitt Bf 110. Likely prototypes. And the Lancastria. Radio the front. They will be able to confirm she was lost.

Nigel	Yes, well I'll do just that. If you're serious call back on this frequency in thirty minutes.

William	We can't wait thirty minutes.

Nigel		Call us back in five. I'll do all I can. God help me.

Daniel		Show me the route. The two points you figured out.

William	Can you determine the course?

Daniel		Hopefully. Then we can figure out our range. Just under half a tank right now.

Colonel	Ah, Sheffield.

Nigel		Colonel, a moment?

Colonel	Any news?

Nigel		One transmission, sir. But you're going to want to hear about it.

Ray	Ladies and gentlemen! I- I have information that this flight crew has neglected to give us.

Cameron	Sir, I'm going to need yo-

Ray	Get your hands off of me! I know how this is going to sound but I believe that somehow we have travelled through time.

Dallas		How many drinks have you had?

Ray	We all saw that storm. And the planes. The bombs. She knows! Somehow we time travelled back to the middle of World War II.

Cameron	Everyone, please stay calm. Th-

Ray		No! No! No one is telling us anything and we have a right to know!

Teresa		Sit down. You're scaring everyone.

Ray	You, you might not believe that we travelled through time but we're clearly in a war zone.

Dallas		So what?

Ray	So? We're not going to survive. This jet wasn't build for war. Listen! Listen! Do you know what this means? Right now, as we speak we're flying over France in June of 1940. On the ground HItler has joined his forces. We- all of us, all of us, -we have one opportunity to change human history. We can kill Hitler.

Virginia	Uh, okay...and um...how do you propose that we do that? They tried to assassinate Hitler in war and they failed.

Ray	Okay, during the war, they were operating on outdated intelligence. We know exactly where Hitler will be. It's all here in this book. Everything. Step by step details. Information exactly where the SS and Hitler went.

Cameron	Okay, they will see us coming from miles away. It's suicide. It wouldn't work.

Ray	We're surrounded by bombers and attack planes. We're probably not going to survive. But we can land this plane. We can find Hitler and we can kill him.

Spencer	Okay, that's enough.

Jonathan	Whoa whoa whoa! Hey! Let him go! He's right.

Evan		We need to take matters into our own hands.

Ray	We could prevent the Holocaust. We would just need to find a safe place to land. And convince the pilots.

Turner		Gentlemen!

Cameron	Stop, stop, stop.

Turner		Stand down.

Ray		I would think that you would be on our side, sergeant. We can win this war.

Turner	Or you could be making the whole thing up. But what I do know is that you're trying to hijack this plane. And that's an act of terrorism.

Ray		I'm a patriot.

Turner	Listen, we can do this the easy way or the hard way. But there's no way me and Private Jackson here are letting you take that cockpit.

Ray		You think you can stop us?

Turner		I don't think you want to find out.

Ray		We could use you in this plan, sergeant. You could be heroes.

Turner		I'd prefer not to fight over this.

Ray		Get off of me!  You! Aah!

William	What was that?

Turner	You're not thinking this through. No, sir, you're not thinking this through! Suppose we try it. It's easy to make a mistake, even when you think you know exactly where the enemy is. Trust me. Say it really is World War II down there, and we make one slip up. Just one. The Axis will have this plane, the technology, And that book, which will tell Hitler everything. There will be a Nazi flag frying from the White House all because you wanted to be a hero. And maybe we can change the past. But we can also screw it up. Forever.Now get back to your seat and shut the hell up!

Cameron	Yeah?

William	Everyone okay back there?

Cameron	Yes, nothing we couldn't handle.

Turner		We can always tie him up. I think the fights out of him. Isn't that right?

Ray		Yeah, uh, yes sir.

Turner		We'll keep him out of your way, ma'am.

Cameron	Thank you.

Turner		Thanks, yourself. You swing a mean fire extinguisher. 

Daniel	At our current speed we've got about a hundred and fifty minutes in the air, tops. That's not counting climbing or descending either.

William	At least we know where we're headed. We do know where we are headed, right?

Bennett	We should be just about in the middle of France.

William	So if we maintain our course we should be able to find some friendlies or find a safe landing place soon. Right? What happened?

Cameron	Some idiots on board tried to hijack the plane in order to kill Hitler. Some soldiers aboard helped defuse the situation but passengers are going to need some answers. And soon.

Nigel		Corporal Nigel Sheffield calling Captain William Strong.

William	This is Captain Strong. Go ahead, Nigel. So you're still here. I'm afraid you're stuck with us. And that was more like ten minutes, Nigel.

Nigel	Yes, well some things take time, Captain. I've talked things over with command, as well as the boys on the western front and... Well, we're inclined to believe you. Not about the, uh, time travel, you understand. Your intel about the Lancastria seems to be accurate. And the truth is, it's helped us out a lot. No one on the ground was able to ascertain the extent of the firepower. And the Jerrys would certainly not give up that kind of information.

William	I'm glad we're on the same page about something, Nigel.

Nigel		(SCOFFS) Yes, well we could do with any little bit of good intel we can now.		After Dunkirk. Sorry about that. It was just such a bloody rout.

Bennett	Rout? No, no, no. Allied forces evacuated hundreds of thousands of troops.

Nigel	Evacuated? Have you not seen a newspaper? The Jerry's caught us from both sides. It was a bloody slaughter. Nearly half a million of us killed, cut down.

William	What is it?

Bennett	He said that Dunkirk was a slaughter. That's not how it happened.

Dale	Dunkirk was a hugely successful allied evacuation mission. They rescued 400,000 troops.

William	So if you're right, the past that we're in is not the one that we know. Sorry about that, Nigel.

Nigel		Well Captain, I suppose the question is, how can I help?

William	Right now we need two things. A safe route and a safe place to land. And also, any information you have on any unusual storms in the areas.

Nigel		I'll do what I can, Captain. What's your current position?

William	We're near Vire, near as we can tell. Just passed Rennes not too long ago, heading in a straight line.

Nigel		You're nearing the German border then. What's your current airspeed?

William	400 knots.

Nigel	I hate to say this, Captain, but the first think you'll need to do is change course. We've intercepted chatter on German frequencies. There's been talk of a rather large aircraft over France.

William	So whoever is performing these bombing runs knows we're here. Are there any friendlies in the area? Anyone who can get their eyes on us?

Nigel		Difficult to say without knowing exactly where you are.

Daniel		What if we were more visible?

Nigel		How do you mean?

Daniel	We've been flying with our nav lights off. But we can turn on our landing and running lights.

William	Are you sure about that? Most of our systems are out.

Daniel		They're analog, right? Here goes.

German C	[Speaking German] Take this to the Colonel immediately!

William	Nigel? We've got something coming straight for us.

Nigel		One moment, Captain. It could just be allies.

Daniel		Will we got company about 30 seconds out, coming fast.

Nigel		Well, Captain, no sightings of any aircraft on our end.

William	Gentlemen, I need you in your seats, now. And not a word to anyone. Get everyone secured.

Cameron	Will, I-

William	Now!

Nigel		Captain, just got word that some German activity is heading your way.

Cameron	All secure back here, Captain.

William	It's a god damn Nazi plane.

Daniel		They've got jets too? They shouldn't have those yet!

William	Kill the lights.

Dale		[Whispers] How's that possible?

William	Talk to me, Daniel.

Daniel		They're coming in behind us! They're still on us.

William	I know!

Nigel		Captain? Will, are you there?

William	Not now, Nigel. Getting shot at.

Nigel		IA Flight 42 do you copy? Do you copy? Damn it!

Daniel		You got a plan?

William	Yeah. Kind of. Don't freak out.

Daniel		What? Why? Three thousand feet. Two thousand feet. Will, one thousand!!

William	Hold on! Pull!

Daniel		Two planes! Right behind us!

William	Dan! Just hang on! We need first aid in the cockpit! Stat! Daniel's been hit! Hang on, buddy! I've got you!

Daniel		(SCREAMING) No no no no no!

William	Hold on buddy! Just hold on!

Briana	Okay, okay, okay. All right let me take a look at it. Let me look. It's not as bad as it looks.

Daniel		Are you sure about that?

Briana	It's mostly superficial. You could use some stitches but it's going to have to wait.

William	You okay?

Daniel		Yeah, it hurts like a son-of-a-bitch but I'll be fine. How's the plane?

William	Could be a lot worse. Burned some serious fuel during that move but we're not actively losing any. We've lost cabin pressure. I'll keep us below 15,000 feet.

Cameron	Is that bad?

Daniel		Definitely bad.

William	We'll probably have to cycle it again.

Daniel		(GROANING)

William	Nigel, we've got a problem, buddy.  Nigel?

Daniel		Did the radio get hit?

William	No, I just got static. I think we're out of range. Hopefully.

Daniel	So, we can stay in cloud cover and stay safe or we can talk to our friend, Nigel, and get shot at! And we can't land without our front wheels. Perfect.

Briana		Captain?

William	Just give me a minute.

Cameron	Will, if the passengers know what's going on maybe some of them can help. We have to work together right now. All of us.

William	Daniel, can you fly the plane?

Daniel		Yeah, I think so. Yeah. I'm going to need some extra hands, just in case.

William	Stay with him. Take my seat. 

Briana		Are you sure?

William	I'm sure. Cameron, Come on.

Cameron	Alright.

Spencer	Sir, take your seat this instant.

Xavier	Keep us in the dark? We need to know if we're going to die up here! You haven't told us one thing.

William	Sir, we need you to keep calm and take your seat, okay? Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, I'm your captain, William Strong. And it's time I tell you the truth.

Nigel		We're on the move, sir?

Colonel	Not you. We need you to stay put. Any news from our friends?

Nigel	Not much. Last I checked they were in a dogfight with Jerry's. I lost contact. I fear they... I'll keep trying sir.

Colonel	If you manage to make contact gather information about their radar.

Nigel		Yes, sir. I'll do all I can.

Colonel	If this really is some kind of super plane, better destroyed than captured by the Axis. We may have no choice but to blow the damn thing out of the sky ourselves.

William	I want to apologize for keeping you in the dark for so long. We encountered what we thought was a weather anomaly but it's something more than that. Some of us, including my co-pilot, Daniel, believe that we have traveled back in time. With the assistance of these men as well as my contact on the ground, we've determined that we're over France. These men believe it's currently 1940.

Teresa		That's impossible.

William	Regardless, we are in a war zone and we're all in danger. If we stay in cloud cover though, we'll be safe. The most important thing you can do, all of you, is remain calm. All we can do is fly and try to find a safe place to land. Do we all agree? As for the landing, the other planes that were firing at us have damaged our landing gear. It won't open. I'm going to try and fix it. But I can't do it alone. Is there anyone here who can help me? Who's willing to go below and help?

Teresa		Captain? I'm an engineer. We're working with hydraulics, right?

William	That's right.

Teresa		I'll go with you.

William	Thank you.

Teresa		Teresa.

William	That would be a great help, Teresa. Anyone else?

Hector		[Speaking in Spanish-"I can help"] Yo los puedo ayudar.

Hector		I...uh..can help. I...uh...handyman, as you say.

William	Thank you, mister-

Hector		Hector. Me llamo Hector.

William	Happy to have you, Hector. Thank you.

Hector		[In Spanish- "With pleasure, Captain"] Con gusto, Capitan.

William	Much appreciated. We're going to head below. The flight crew's in charge. Daniel will keep us in the air. If there's any trouble he'll contact me. We're done keeping you in the dark. Now we're focused on keeping everyone safe. Teresa. Hector. Follow me.

Hector		[In Spanish -"Everything will be all right".] Todo va a estar bien.

Teresa		You know time travel is impossible, right?

William	Of course I do.

Hector		All things are possible, if you have faith.

William	No puncture. That's good.

Teresa		Captain, look at this.

Hector		Maybe, uh, we can...uh, splice?

Teresa		You're on top of things. I like that, Hector. Alright, that should do it.

William	Stay back! Stay back! Daniel! We've just opened the doors. Try and lower the gear now.

Daniel		Copy that. That's a negative, Will.

Hector		Captain, look!

William	I see it. We have to get that out. Hey Daniel, try and close the landing gear again.

Daniel		Did that do it?

William	Negative, Daniel! Still wide open. I could jump to the landing gear and try to bang out that shrapnel.

Teresa		That's insane.

William	I'm open to better ideas. Daniel, we have to slow her down to cut down on the wind. Take it down to 150 knots or so, okay?

Hector		Hold on! Captain. Please. I fix.

William	Hector, I can't let you go down.

Hector		Plane needs two pilots. Needs you. Please, I try. Please.

William	Be careful, Hector.

Daniel		I think that did it, Will.

William	Hector, hang on! Hang on, Hector!

Teresa		(SCREAMING)

William	Hang on, Hector!

Hector		Help!

William	Swing onto the wheels! Come on, Hector. You've got this.

Teresa		Hector!

William	Come on! Hector! Close the landing gear now! Come on, Hector. Take my hand. Come on, Hector.

Daniel		Will, is everything alright?

William	We're okay. Hang tight. We're coming up. The landing gear is fixed. Thanks to these two heroes over here. How are we doing?

Daniel	We burned more of our fuel than we wanted with those moves. Got about 90 minutes of flight time, give or take.

William	How's our current heading?

Daniel		Should be almost to the border between France and Switzerland.

William	Good work, Briana. I'll take over.

Briana		Okay.

William	We need to contact Nigel. Tell him we don't have much time. We have to go below the clouds.

Daniel		I already got shot once today.

William	Ladies and gentlemen, we will be making a descent in order to establish radio contact. Nigel, come in. Can you hear me?

Nigel		Captain Strong!

William	Nigel, good to hear your voice!

Nigel	My god. You broke off contact so abruptly, I- I feared the worst. How on earth did you manage to lose those planes?

William	We had to ditch them by going above the clouds. At least now we know our radio transmission ranges.

Nigel		What's your current location?

William	We're just above the Swiss border. We have about 80 minutes of flying left which is not a lot of time to figure things out.

Nigel		Earlier, you mentioned something about a... weather anomaly?

William	That's right. Before we got displaced we went through the center of a storm the likes of which I've never seen. Black clouds and some kind of blue energy in the center of it.

Nigel	Right, I will investigate. Now the most pressing matter, of course, is your proximity to German airspace. I suggest you stay on course. I'm trying to find a potential landing spot for you. And my commanding officer is insisting I get more information about this "radar" of yours.

William	What do you want to know, Nigel? Well, everything you can tell me.

Bennett	Captain, may I? Sir, this is Bennet. The radar is in the nose of the plane and give off radio waves to determine the objects in the area. In the cockpit there's a console that looks like a bullseye. It sweeps the area for signals and the blips on the screen indicating our distance. That's about it.

Nigel		It certainly sounds simple enough. It also sounds incredibly useful.

William	It's kept us alive so far, Nigel.

Nigel	Well hopefully you Americans will get involved in the war sooner rather than later and you can help us out on the technology front.

William	Like I said, Nigel, we'd give it to you if we could.

Nigel		William, there's something else you should know. My commanding officers-

Daniel		Shit!

William	We've got company again, Nigel! We might lose you again, Nigel!

Nigel		Just keep yourselves safe.

German Pilot	[Speaking German]

Daniel		Will, incoming!

William	Where are they?

Daniel		We've got one behind and one ahead.

German Pilot	[Speaking German]

William	Okay, let's do this.

Daniel		Will?! Will! William!

William	Hold on! Hold on! Hold on! Hold on! Pull!!!How's everybody back there? The passengers? The crew?

Cameron	Uh, a few broken windows and everybody's really shaken but we'll be fine so.

William	Thanks. Let's talk options.

Daniel	We're stuck. The radar only gives us a small amount of warning, which leaves our windows to talk to Nigel tiny.

Bennett	That's because the radar is localized to us. We're the epicenter of the signal, right? It can only track what's around us?

William	That's right.

Bennett	What if we had a radar on the ground? One that we could use to help us track enemy fighters.

William	That would be helpful, yes.

Bennett	So....let's give it to Nigel.

Dale	Nigel's story doesn't make sense, okay? They should have radar by now. The way he talks it makes it seem like it's years off. Maybe this is why we're here. Not to kill HItler. But maybe WE bring radar to the British.

Bennett	We could cut it out of the nose of the plane. Air drop it to an agreed-upon spot. They could hook it up and be our air traffic control.

Daniel		What about changing history?

Dale		From what we've heard, it seems like history's already been changed.

Bennett	They lost the battle at Dunkirk. Who knows what else is different down there? This could get them and us back to the history we remember. Maybe, maybe this could fix everything.

Dale	Will, you may not believe in time travel but you said yourself, we're out of options.

Daniel		Will?

William	Let's call Nigel and tell him he's getting an early Christmas present. Holy shit, a missile! Engine One is flaming out. Kill it! Fire up again. Again! It's okay, people. Just hang in there a little longer. Nigel, come in! Come in, Nigel!

Nigel		Will! Thank God. I thought I lost you for good.

William	We're still here for the moment my friend. Almost got blown to bits by a missile.

Nigel		A missile? From another plane?

William	No, I think it was surface to air.

Nigel		Will, I feel I must tell you-

William	Nigel, listen. We're about 100 miles from the Swiss border. We want to give you a gift: our radar. Think you could find us a drop site?

Nigel		Captain....Will, are you sure you want to do that?

William	It is our only way to find a clear path to a friendlier sky.

Nigel		Will, you should be somewhere near Metz at the moment, correct?

William	That's correct.

Nigel		You should be passing over Boulay-Moselle in 10 minutes.

William	That's right.

Nigel	I'll make damn certain there's a platoon there to intercept the radar if you'll be able to make the drop.

William	We'll make it.

Nigel	Then I have to sign off. Ten minutes. A field near the forest, in German territory. You can't miss it.

William	We'll get it to you.

Nigel		Godspeed, my friend. Over and out.

William	You heard him. Ten minutes. Bennet, you and Daniel head down. Take Hector and Theresa. Cut the box out of the nose. Bundle it with a screen. Dale, we need to give this radar a smooth ride. Make something that will make it survive a drop of about a few thousand feet.

Dale		Uh, Okay…

Colonel	Ah, Sheffield.

Nigel		You must listen to me. We can't make another attempt to target them.

Nigel		We have to help them get to safety.

Colonel	Nigel, we've talked about what would happen if-

Nigel	They want to give us their radar system. Air-drop it to us. The only way we can get it is if you call off the bloody attacks. Corporal, call off all surface-to-air strikes Immediately! Immediately! -Yes, sir!

British Soldier	Yes, sir!

Dale		Are these your bags? Do you have anything we can use as a parachute?

Nigel		Miss, Miss, can I help?

Cameron	I'm looking for anything we can use as some sort of parachute.

Nigel 		I think- I think I can help.

Nigel		I picked these up for the grandkids.

Nigel 		I- I mean, they live in London.

Cameron	Thank you so much.

Teresa		I've got a bag.

Bennett	All right.

Dale		Tie it to the zippers.

Hector		Daniel, How to power?

Daniel		I need a USB battery, does anyone have one?

Wendy		I have one.

Ray		I have one.

Dale		Get it all in there.

Cameron	Let's go, go, go, go.

William	Bennett? We're under 10,000 feet. Let her rip.

Bennett	Roger that, Captain. One...two...three.

Daniel		One...two...three.

Bennett	Captain, the package is in the air. I repeat, the package is in the air.

William	Nigel, the package is away!

Nigel		Brilliant. We're sending troops to capture it now.

William	I'm going to start climbing now.

Nigel	Move double time. Our code-breakers are hearing a LOT of chatter. You're going to have company very soon.

Soldier #3	Let's get out!Come on guys! Out!

William	Nigel, we don't have much time!

William	How's the package looking?

Nigel		It should be here in mere moments. Just hold on.

British Soldier	Go kid, go.

Nigel		Will, we've got the package. It's en route.

Daniel		It's en route to YOU?

Nigel		I'm the closest radio operator to the drop site.

William	Nigel, you're our guardian angel.

Daniel		Look out!

British Soldier	Bloody hell, you found it!

Nigel		Will, we have the radar.

William	Great work, Nigel. Now work fast. We've got a lot of company up here! Nigel, we're almost out of fuel. We need eyes in the sky now!

Nigel	Um... There! Scanning the skies now! Uh..okay. Captain, turn due southeast and hit the throttle now.

William	Are you sure, Nigel?

Nigel		Yes, I'm sure. Now move!

William	Shit! I can't shake them!

British Pilot	Right-oh. Let's shoot these bastards out of the sky.

William	It really is World War II. It just could not be anything else.

Daniel		Where did the cavalry come from?

Nigel		Oh, did my colleagues arrive?

Daniel		Nigel, you beautiful bastard.

William	You were right. It really is 1940.

Nigel	Yes, of course it is. You should have clear skies. I'll direct you to a safe landing site. I can't be certain I'm reading this correctly but there's a rather large "blip" in front of you.

William	Is it another airplane? Should we reroute?

Nigel	It appears to be stationary.  You should be able to see it. It's dead ahead. What are you seeing, gentlemen?

William	It's that vortex. The one that brought us here. The same one. We have to go through right. We've got about 10 minutes, Nigel.

Nigel		Still trying to hail a suitable landing site for you within range.

Daniel	Will, all I know is that thing brought us here and we can't make it to a safe landing in 1940.

Nigel		As much as I hate to admit it, this is your best option.

William	Ladies and gentlemen, things are going to get bumpy again. I want to thank you for your patience, assistance, and your faith in the last few hours. I'm proud of each and every one of you.

Daniel		That felt like a goodbye.

William	We'll find out in a few minutes. Nigel, we can't thank you enough for everything you've done.

Nigel		That's what allies do, Captain.

William	Take care of yourself.

Nigel		You do the same, Captain. To you and everyone on flight 42.

William	Here we go.

Flight Control 	IA 42, Jesus Christ, where did you go? We've got you almost directly over TXL in Germany.

William	Your certain? We're flying on vapors. We've got to land now!

Flight Control	IA 42 this is TXL Tower. We are clearing the pathway and sending out emergency equipment. IA 42 the runways are clear. Bring her in.

Daniel		We're out of fuel.

William	Okay...let's glide this baby in.

Flight Control	IA 42, choose a runway at your discretion. They're all clear. Bring her in.

William	Drop the flaps. Gear down. Keep it steady. Keep her steady, that's right. Steady as she goes.

German PA 	[PA SYSTEM-In German] Round up all emergencies service vehicles to runway 8 left.

William	(LAUGHTER)

Flight Control	TXL ATC [In German]: They are stopped between intersections D and Z. Units fall in.

William	TXL, this is flight 42. We have touched down, safe and sound.

Flight Control	Copy that IA 42. Welcome to Berlin.

William	TXL, what year is it?

Flight Control	I like your sense of humor, Captain. Welcome back.

Daniel		I love Germany.

William	This Germany.

Cameron	That's everyone. There's one more gentleman in the back, though.

William	I'll take care of it. You go.

Cameron	Okay.

William	Excuse me, sir. It's time to go now.

Nigel	Oh, just one more moment, Captain. I'm just finishing something up here. There. Dreadfully sorry to have kept you waiting. I'm ready now. As they say, there's not time like the present. Should we go? Thank you.
