Tom Robinson	The 27 club is a name popularly given to 6 particular musicians who died at that age. 

Lesley-Ann Jones	You have got Brian Jones, Jimi Hendrix, Janis Joplin, Jim Morrison who all died within under three years of each other. This gave rise to this mythology. 

Tom Robinson	Then leap a couple decades and Kurt Cobain and finally Amy Winehouse 

Cosmo Hallstrom	The industry is very ephemeral and exploits people’s craving for stardom and picks you up and then moves not the next thing.   

Ann Harrison	By the age of 27 you have either made it or they are at that difficult stage of their careers where actually the may get dropped by the label 

Paul Gambaccini	I you haven’t made it by 27 you’re not going to make it.  

Tom Robinson	Luck at the whole of 20th century, 21st century music there is actually 50 famous musicians who all died at age 27 and if you look at 26 and 28 then there is 100 and if you look at a everyone who died in the field of popular music at the height of their fame there is well over one thousand who died before the age of 35. 

Ann Harrison	I remember I was at an awards dinner one night and this manager came up to me and said that artist isn’t in your control he’s in mine. I’m the one who get’s him the drugs at three in the morning.  

Cosmo Hallstrom	I mean some drugs are very destructive and the trouble is when you get strung out on drugs you loose your reason, you loose your balance you only hear what you want to hear. 

Chilli Jesson	This is the thing, musicians are so sensitive.

Olly Alexander	When you’re on stage you are inherently vulnerable so i think it’s mainly what people project onto you.  

Lesley-Ann Jones	It becomes in the end the three D’s, drink, drugs and depression. 

Martin Lloyd Elliot	and we now know that trauma can run through family trees and if it’s not addressed, it can repeat itself. 

Gary Numan	You know if you’re not reasonably, reasonably, very, strong up here and you can take all this stuff then you really should get out. You know it’s not the right business for fragile people. 

Korda Marshall	when i was signing in 98 an artist came in who was not in a very good state, he was jabbering, he wasn’t well, we could clearly see there was some issues, he stood up and his heroine needle dropped on the floor. 

Lesley-Ann Jones	Does this horrific thing really exist, rocks answer to the Bermuda triangle. 

Cosmo Hallstrom	It’s a willing collusion between the artist, the public and the people making the money. 

Lesley-Ann Jones	We lost so many important rock stars at such a young age, why at this particular age. The mythology. it’s the loch ness monster of rock and roll. 

Tom Robinson	I managed to live beyond the 27 club, but only just. 

Dave Ambrose	the music business in the 60’s suddenly made a massive change and it became very introspective in a sense. This ladies and gentleman is London, swinging London it’s been called. 

Dave Ambrose	people such as Hendrix, Janis Joplin, Jim Morrison started in a sense exploring their own subconscious. The music business became intellectualised in a way. 

Paul Gambaccini	When i was a student at Oxford University coming into London for Rolling Stone magazine and in those days the music business was like a village, there was no social media so you had to meet at receptions and concerts and launches and so forth. Everybody got to know each other. 

Peter Jenner	So it was the beginning of you know, of the consumer society. it was the beginning of young people looking like themselves rather than looking like their parents. I’m told that to be at the height of trendy fashion these days you have got to wear shoes like these.

Tris Penna	Music was evolving to be an incredibly important cultural force 

Martin Lloyd-Elliot	What the post war music collective was suddenly able to realise was that all this suffering that people went through in the privacy of their own miserable bedrooms could suddenly be joined up in the zeitgeist. You could turn on a radio or you can buy an album or a single and suddenly there is somebody in your room giving extraordinary expressions to exactly what you have been suffering alone.  

Dylan Jones	and i think this is a generation of people who were seriously indulgent, never before in living memory had there been a generation who’s main sort of purpose in life was indulging themselves. 

Petter Jenner	I think the record companies were picking up on what was going on in the world that they were smoking dope and then it was moving into acid. The relationship between the music and dope was explicit but implicit with drugs 

Tom Robinson	of course psychedelic drugs can put you into a change of alter consciousness but we go in and out of different plains of consciousness all the time successful artists or really good artists are the ones who area able to identify those states and use them and get into them and create in that state and then when they are in the fully conscious state rationalise into a piece of work that has both sides, both the wild irrational bit that has come out of that deep state of consciousness and something that has got the craftsmanship.  

Dylan Jones	If you look back to the previous era when people were excessive, jazz era, there was no money involved in jazz so people didn’t really care. There was a lot of money involved with rock and roll and there was no president so if people wanted to party all the time and take a lot of drugs and become addicts. obviously now people are far more careful and far more circumspect because we have had a 50 years history of rock and roll and also 50 years of rock and roll casualties. 

Paul Gambaccini	This was coincident the arrival of cocaine It happens frequently and it happened again last night a cocaine arrest, this one at Miami international airport and a Canadian accused of trying to smuggle three pounds of cocaine into this country in three pairs of platform shoes. 

Paul Gambaccini	If you have seen the film blow with Johnny Depp, you would know that the distribution routes of cocaine didn’t reach the North Eastern United States and Europe on the wide scale until the early 1970’s but when it did it did. 

Martin Lloyd Elliot	Cocaine is such an insidious pernicious drug because it’s so instant that the transformation in your mood is so quick and it gives you this elusion of unlimited energy.  

Cosmo Hallstrom	I mean some drugs are very destructive and the trouble is when you get strung out on drugs you loose your reason, you loose your balance, you only hear what you want to hear 

Peter Jenner	The relationship to the record company to the artists was to become the artist friend and you did that by getting them what they wanted, so of they were drinking, you bought them drinks, if they were smoking dope you brought them dope, and if they wanted heroine, you bought them heroine, if they wanted cocaine, you brought them cocaine. 

Paul Gambaccini	They were earning ten’s of thousands a week, so your bank balance increases dramatically and people thought that therefore there physical tolerance would increase correspondently because obviously everyone who is doing enormous amounts of cocaine because since it was new nobody knew what the right serving was. They were just doing what they could afford. Which was too much 

Ann Harrison	It was a very different ball game and you would have seen quite a lot of pretty abusive kind of manipulation of artists and the coke culture was throughout our industry was striving an awful lot of that mania. 

Paul Gambaccini	The most public case of personality warping due to cocaine use was David Bowie who gave a fascist salute at Victoria station, in retrospect acknowledged that he had over done it but them again what was oder doing it? you didn’t know yet, you had to have the people who over do it to know what over doing it was. Screaming frenzied teenage idolisers of pop stars without a sensible thought in their long haired heads. 

Gary Numan	You know when you’re in this, you’re wanting a lot out of life, you know you want to be famous and rich and have all the people screaming and you want all this stuff well you can’t be feeble minded, that’s a big thing you want from the world. Well you have got to earn it for a start and you want a long career, you have got to keep on earning it. 

Tom Robinson	of course the ephemeral nature of pop success is such that if you don’t right the follow up hits then you have already quickly started getting bad reviews and the audiences start staying away  in droves and then the validation that you have pinned on that success evaporates. I had a stock of soluble distal G6 in my cupboard which which a friend of mine had successfully killed himself a few years earlier. Just as my kind of escape strategy. 

Ann Harrison	and you couple that with all the kind of craziness of the business of the reality available drink, drugs, woman, anything else they might want. 

Dylan Jones	It’s like well i’m having sex with lots of people and there are all the drugs and isn’t think kind of amazing and i’m going to go on this journey now and i’m going to take drugs for 18 months and have a fantastic time. 

Barney Hoskins	Is there a direct link between music and addiction, you know actually what music offers all of us is a release from anxiety from just being kind of trapped in your own head with your own thoughts, your own sort of cognitive distress it’s a release from that. 

Cosmo Hallstrom	I think artists find it very hard to be on one hand an intense high often very late at night and then having to go and sleep and then how do you manage it without taking too much drink to don’t come down or stimulants to keep them going and it’s dangerous of course when you start using too many drugs to try control your daily living.  It’s okay to dabble a little bit even know and them but you know if it becomes a habit it starts to control your life and the trouble is you need to take more and more to get the same effect and ultimately it gets destructive. 

Lesley-Ann Jones	What are the things that define this phenomenon and in fact there are all the things that these people have in common. So they have all had a dysfunctional childhood they have all had some terrible thing happen to them very early on in their life that they haven’t been helped to process. So they are all full of angst and creativity is the outlet for them. They are generally highly intelligent people who have been misunderstood at a young age. They all have a rebellious nature, they have been outcast, they have been misplaced they have been misguided and ultimately because they make a lot of money doing the thing that they try and use to heal themselves from that they indulge in drink and drugs and those are the things that killed him. 

Chilli Jesson	I think you know you often see in history great artists, not saying myself but have you know probably have had some trauma. My father died at 13 and when he passed away, you know i think, you know for me a void needed to be filled, you know i was a teenager kid growing up without a dad and it’s like i needed to create something. 

Gary Numan	I think i was 14 or 15, i can’t remember for sure, 14, it was there that it was suggested that i had Aspergers, so they put me on drugs, put me on nardil and valeant for a year or two to keep me calm, i used to get very aggregated about things because of Aspergers i have a ridiculous level of concentration and obsession, well we got obsessive about things and if you choose music as a career then that’s the thing you become obsessed about. Brain, how long have you been with the Rolling Stones? are you one of the original members? Yes, i’m one of the original members What were you doing before you joined? erm, well just sort of boning around waiting for something to happen really. 

Martin Lloyd Elliot	Brian Jones had a difficult start, he was three when his 18 year old sister died, cognitive function of course is growing through our, developing through our childhoods so even if we haven’t got a sophisticatedly of conceptualising loss, he have it in printed onto our being by the experience.  

Steve Blame	every artist is fucked up in someway in their childhood often what fucked them up in their childhood leads to their greatest piece of work These apparent hitchhikers so blandly ignored are five of the most famous young men in show business the Rolling Stones. Some of these motorists will be kicking themselves when the learn they missed the chance of a lifetime of getting to know them.  

Martin Lloyd Elliot	Brian Jones was acting up a lot way before he met Nick and the rest of the Stones, he was taking drink and drugs, he had three children with three different woman by the age of 19.  

Chris Salewicz	One of the first child’s when he’s about 14 or 15, but it’s almost like he’s trying to create another family 

Lesley-Ann Jones	He dropped out, he went travelling, he became a busker, it wasn’t till me came to London and met Alexa Corner that he became to become interested in the Blues and started to immerse himself in that crowd of people.  

Paul Trynka	Brian Jones was really a bad boy right from the start so it’s often said that Andrew Oldham invented the kind of bad boy mystique of the Stones, it wasn’t it was Brian Jones. He was the one you know where Mick and Keith walked into Ealing Blues club and saw him it’s like this is the real deal,We want to be like this. He had the whole thing, he had it down because it was innate. At the time i was so madly in love with Brian that i didn’t think of the consequences and in fact to be quite honest when i was, even when i was about 7 months pregnant i wouldn’t believe that i was pregnant. 

Dave Ambrose	 felt very sorry for Brian Jones, it appears that he was the intellectual in the band, he was the, he started the band. 

Lesley-Ann Jones	He decided single handedly that they would move from being a kind of blues plagiarist type of outfit to a rock and roll individualist.

Chris Salewicz	Brian meets Anita Pellenberg in Germany i think and they quickly become the golden couple of Europe, you  know they are the most glamorous, the coolest looking, the best dressed rock and roll star that Britain had ever had. They are the archetypal rock and roll couple. When Keith Richards takes Anita Pallenberg from him in 1967 i think that must have been best like he’s loosing his sister again, isn’t it, he’s losing his mother again.     

Martin Lloyd Elliot	Extremely insecure so there was this shell of brivardo and srrutting and he fell in with the Stones and very quickly it became clear that there was something about Mick that was more magnetic that the spotlight was moving from him onto Mick, so i think that he became extremely jealous.  

Lesley-Ann Jones	 But then the manager Andrew Lee Oldham came along and said right now Keith and Mic you have got to start writing songs because this is the way to make money and Brian was side lined a little bit. 

Korda Marshall	Their journey through life and their journey through success creates different pressures, some times the song writers become incredibly wealthy, sometimes the other members of the artists don’t. The splits on how that all works. 

Lesley-Ann Jones	and he resented that deeply because he founded this band, this was his baby and it was ripped away from underneath him.

Dylan Jones	Brian Jones, his death and the Brian Jones story is a tragedy really because he had had his group taken away from him and even though in terms of the iconography of the group and the look of the group he was still very important. He hadn’t contributed musically for a very very long time and his death i suppose there was a certain amount of inevitability about that. 

Paul Trynka	Well being a pop star is a very dangerous business, you know you are putting yourself out on the limb, you are actually unleashing a lot of psychic energy and i think Brian Jones is a good example of that because if you look at kind of Mick Jagger and Keith Richards they grew into their role, if you look at Keith early on he is a bit of a geek, you know with his big ears and he is not really very cool and over time you see him actually becoming Brian Jones because Brian Jones was the archetypal rebel but he couldn’t take that mask off at the end of the evening and when he kind of came up with rejection then he would just drug himself into oblivion. So he hadn’t really worked out how to play those roles. 

Korda Marshall	Some of those issues go back to family and childhood and the environment in which they get up and some of those issues also came from a kind of abusive relationship within an a act which is never really talked about. The future as a Rolling Stone is very uncertain. My ultimate aim in life was never to be a pop star, I enjoy it with reservations  but i’m not really sort of satisfied 

Lesley-Ann Jones	He really began to alienate himself so he would for example when they were on the road, he would travel separately from the others. He would stay in separate hotels, he wouldn’t interact or socialise with the other band mates and he made it very difficult for himself. 

Korda Marshall	Musicians and creative you know they are creative souls they are delicate, they don’t necessarily have the ability to say or communicate exactly how what they want to do and what they feel and what they say. 

Chris Salewicz	Brian and apparently become very, you know he just became impossible to work with, they thought, I think it’s more, probably more complex than that. They were probably making it part, i mean they would turn his, turn his, when they were in the studio they would turn his instrument down or off almost and he wouldn’t be aware of it. 

Korda Marshall	Bands are like gangs and some gangs have dominate members and artists and bands have dominate members within them and that does actually kind of come down sometimes to a kind of bullying. 

Lesley-Ann Jones	He obviously started drinking, taking a lot of drugs, got busted a couple of times. The Stones wanted to go on the road again in 1969 into America. Brian couldn’t get a visa because he had a drugs conviction bye which time they were fed up with him and so they ousted him.  

Chris Salewicz	and so after they recorded what became Beggars Banquet, i mean he just, i think it’s just become, the whole situation just becomes untenable. I was shocked when he left, i think all fans were shocked, we still because, when you thought of the Rolling Stones you really didn’t think of Mick Jagger, you certainly didn’t think Keith Richards, you thought of Brian Jones. He was the public personification. 

Paul Trynk	When Mick developed his Mick Jagger persona in performance it was based on mainly Brian Jones with a little bit Keith Richards. 

Paul Trynk	But of course Keith Richards if you look over time is starting to wear Brian’s Clothes literally, you know not even metaphorically, he’s wearing the same scarf, the same outfits and the hats and it’s kind of strange because he doesn’t ever look very good doing it until Brian Jones is defeated and then dies. It was almost like they picked the best bits of Brian and then tapped into them. 

Lesley-Ann Jones	So you know he bought Cotchford farm which was the home of A. A. Milne who wrote the wonderful Winnie the Pooh stories and that says it all. This is a boy trying to reclaim his childhood. about midnight Jones went for a swim with him Swedish girlfriend Anna Wohlin and another friend Mr Frank Thorogood after a time Mr Thorogood and the girl went back to the house when they returned they saw Jones at the bottom of the pool.  

Lesley-Ann Jones	Are we surprised? She found him o the bottom of the swimming pool at around midnight, presumably he had gone missing, gone for a swim and knocked out on drink and drugs and they pulled him and he was barely alive when they pulled him from the pool but he died soon after because she couldn’t speak very good English, she couldn’t get anyone to come and help and by the time they got him to hospital he was dead. 

Chris Salewicz	So Brian drowns of course in his swimming pool, this is supposed to be the start of his new existence but within a week the Rolling Stones are playing Hide Park to at least a quarter of a million people. 

Lesley-Ann Jones	and Mick Jagger got up and read some verses from Shelly’s Adonis Peace, peace, he is not dead, he does not sleep, he has awaken from the dreams of life. It’s we that are lost in stormy visions and keep with phantoms and unprofitable strife and in a mad trance can stoke with a spirits knife. 

Lesley-Ann Jones	So Mick was obviously casting himself as Brian Jones’ big best friend although he hadn’t been there for him in life. 

Chris Salewicz	Mick Jagger is suddenly clearly in charge of the Rolling Stone. You know his missed the fish man’s dress, he looks astonishing and the even the when they released the butterflies in tribute to Brian half of them were dead because they had been kept in cardboard boxes even that kind of moment kind of works. 

Chris Salewicz	With the Stones Hyde park concert it’s like death and rebirth and the symbolism of the butterflies is very interesting. 

Dave Ambrose	Hendrix was a one off, where by he embraced the psychedelic generation of the 60’s. He was an enigma in that sense.   

Chris Salewicz	When you realised how damaged Jimmy’s upbringing was, how ghastly, it was ghastly beyond Dickensian proportions.  

Dave Ambrose	In the case of Hendrix he very young and as you say he was knocked around an awful lot. 

Chris Salewicz	The mother who’s like a baby having a baby she’s 17 when she has him. A party girl so she’s the archetype of the electric lady. 

Lesley-Ann Jones	His mother had him the his father was fighting in world war two. 

Chris Salewicz	Then there is the succession. There is the third brother with serious birth deformities and then the two sisters one of whom is born blind and another one who also has serious birth deformities. One assumes this is because of some kind of consumption by his mother during pregnancy, then the mother disappears. He’s having to look after the younger brother and you think how tragic this existence is. That’s where his drive came from, this creative drive came from. 

Martin Lloyd Elliot	It’s fascinating to think of Jimmy going through his series of transitions from absolute chaos to the extreme upset of the restrictions and the strictures of the military and then from there into a swing band where there is this corporate body where you have to absolutely be listening very carefully to your physicians and you have to give over to the power of the collective. 

Chris Salewicz	and i think Jimmy country to the kind of, the apparent craziness of his existence, i think there was a great discipline to his behind his hard work and all these people working incredibly hard and they are also all incredibly bright. 

Martin Lloyd Elliot	and from there that wonderful experience of playing in sync with people he suddenly takes off on his trip to his England. 

Dave Ambrose	In a way i do wonder maybe after an experience working in those really tough bands if you make one mistake you have your wages docked his going off and playing on his own like this, he is just like a boy with a fast car you know, he was just went crazy. 

Chris Salewicz	Well he was having an affair with a girl called Linda Keith who Keith Richards thinks is his girlfriend and she’s even lent him one of his guitars, she has Chandler brings him to England and seen him in the cafe Wha in New York and we kind of the rest is sort of history. He did take off incredibly quickly. I was almost surprised at the way he took off so quickly but he has obviously hit absolutely hit the zeitgeist. 

Martin Lloyd Elliot	He’s establishing himself in London and discovers this whole other world where he can suddenly take all the brilliance of the musical discipline that he had in a swing band and find a new way of expressing it. 

Chris Salewicz	The way he looked, the way he played, he was the sort of avatar of kind of underground music wasn’t he really i mean that’s he emerged absolutely at that point at the end of 66. Hello and good afternoon everyone *German language* This is the top teenage club for London. 

Dr. Cosmo Hallstrom	The artist who i grew up with was Hendrix who had this phenomenal creativity and free flowing musicality who was supported by afew people who he broke free from them and went on auto destruct very quickly before he went off the boil, i mean his artistic flair was still there Tell me Jimmy, do you smoke? No 

Lesley-Ann Jones	But there was nothing ever conventional about this man, he played a guitar with his teeth. 

Lesley-Ann Jones	He played a guitar without touching the strings 

Lesley-Ann Jones	This was a showman a natural entertainer who wanted to do a little bit more than just go out there on stage and play music which he did love, he worshipped music but he wanted to show off. Jimmy, how much do you rely on gimmicks? Gimmicks, let again, Gimmicks, man i tied of people saying gimmicks. What is this? The world is nothing but a big gimmick isn’t it? War, napalm bombs and all that. People get burned up on TV and it’s nothing bit a big gimmick. 

Chris Salewicz	The group that he assembles for wood stock i think is pretty much fantastic. 

Lesley-Ann Jones	It’s gone down in history, it’s legendary because he played the star spangled banner and it was thought that perhaps this was his statement to the world how proud he was to be an American in fact he was castigating the American government for their heart in Vietnam. He was saying to the whole world, the whole world was watching, i loathe my country and i don’t want us to occupy Vietnam anymore. I want an end this suffering. Its a very important statement and that has gone down in history and that isn’t ever going to go away, perhaps for that sole reason we remember Jimmy Hendrix. 

Lesley-Ann Jones	Success will bring you the adoration like love whilst many many people, millions of people in the extreme cases, but the more you get that and the more people adore you the less likely you are to get the one person who love you just for yourself. 

Dave Ambrose	He was a genuine musician and i think he really cared about playing and he was a flamboyant player and he had just wanted to take guitar to such an extreme.

Paul Gambaccini	Jimmy Hendrix you had a medium turn into disintegration You and this incredible genius artist who is surrounded by people who are abusing and now has the money where he can do it and he just slid into it as far as i can see until what for anyone on normal wages would be abnormal becomes normal.  

Chris Salewicz	I thought when he was i think it’s 68 0r 69 when he busted with heroine in my bag going into Canada there were apparently, the world he was mixing in in New York was very very druggy, it was much more druggy than anything he had been mixing in London. 

Lesley-Ann Jones	Jimmy had a girlfriend called Monika Dannemann who was a german ice skater, she was an insomniac, she couldn’t sleep, she was prescribed some very  heavy weight sleeping pills. Jimmy got hold of these he had been on the booze, he couldn’t read the label it was in German. He didn’t understand that you could only take half go one of these tablets, half of one, he took nine this particular night. The Jimmy Hendrix experience is over, the acid rock musician dies today in a London hospital apparently from an overdose of drugs. During his short career Hendrix flailed his electric guitar into some of the most unusual sounds of an unusual music. 

Paul Gambaccini	I was horrified i had seen Jimmy Hendrix play, you know all of his stunts the behind the head. He said oh i guess this is what you have come to see. Clearly a genius, who knows what else he would have done, but his body was that of a human being. 

Lesley-Ann Jones	Janis Joplin, this poor girl who had come from a normal home and had gone through a normal school was persecuted and tormented from the age of 5.   

Chris Salewicz	She grew up in the South in Port Arthur in Texas in the 40’s and it was a racist state and i think she instinctively reacted against that. I think her parents had liberal views and you know  it’s quite likely the bullying of Janis came from her expressing these liberal views in this sort of redneck culture i  which she was existing.  

Martin Lloyd- Elliot	She started using alcohol to self medicate from her anxieties so before she became an artist she was already using alcohol to try and self suit. 

Lesley-Ann Jones	She was once voted ugliest man on the campus at her college. I didn’t go to the high school prom and You were asked weren’t you? No i wasn’t. They didn’t think. I don’t think they wanted to take me  

Dave Ambrose	Janis Joplin i think was a very tormented character, her primal screamer thing was a subject of, what was she screaming about? 

Lesley Ann Jones	I went to Sanfransico in 1963   

Chris Salewicz	and she goes almost immediately to city lights books which was owned by Lawrence Ferlinghetti the great poet and she kind of loves that existence. 

Lesley Ann Jones	and of course immerse herself in the drug culture, started injecting heroine, took a lot of cocaine other kind of psycho drugs was in the music scene started to get involved with musicians. Performed at Monterey and Woodstock, terribly. Pete Townsend actually after her performance at Woodstock, mind you even Janis Joplin on a bad night is better than everybody else. You know it’s just music, music is, music supposed to be different than that. 

Barney Hoskins	I think when you look at someone like Janis Joplin, i talked to people who work with Janis and were close to Janis and they all sort of say the same thing which was you know we could see she was floundering, we could see she was in trouble but we didn’t have the vocabulary that we have now. You know nobody knew or talked about rehab or addiction, you looked at someone like that and just thought, why can’t she just drink a little less you know why does she have to drink a bottle of Jack Daniels you know why is she, why is she doing heroine, you know i wish we could stop this. 

Chris Salewicz	When Janis signed to her record label, she is clearly already you know an alcoholic. What is it you think young people are looking for today? 25 words or less. It’s for Radio. Erm Sincerity and a good time. Are they finding it? I don’t know about you daddy. I’m fine, Atleast i’m having a good time. 




Paul Gambaccini	Even pop star has an unexpected moment when they are alone. No matter what kind of entourage you have, suddenly you’re in a bedroom on your own and you have a couple hours to spend. What do you do? 

Martin Lloyd Elliot	If you inject heroine the extraordinary transformation in your physiology is so dramatic that you’re catapulted into a state where you momentarily are disconnected from your miserable emptiness inside.   

Dave Ambrose	I would have been very worried about what was going on, anyone who has had a serious heroine addiction like that, you have got to stop it. 

Paul Gambaccini	and towards the end as you know Janis took drugs far too often and far too heavily, that is a story of strategy repeated many times over with the 27 club or whatever you wish to call these people. 

Barney Hoskins	Janis, janis Joplin once said that she was a victim of her own insides that there was too much feeling and many artists as anyone who thinks deeply about the the artists nature have a layer of skin missing they feel things more than other artists. I was a painter and sort of a recluse in high school. I have changed.

Lesley Ann Jones	She tried to clean up she moved back home she started wearing a beehive and normal clothes and got engaged to some bloke in there she knew that this wasn’t her, this wasn’t Janis. 

Lesley Ann Jones	poor Janis, she got her act together, she was back recording, she was back in Hollywood, she’d checked into this motel the landmark, this motel was pretty near to the recording studio that she was booked into where she was going to go in and rehearse and record and  create a new album and she had her head round it and she decided right, no, clean up, go and stay in a motel, stay away from these people. can’t get the drugs out to me there and i’m going to make this album properly, trouble was the drugs always found Janis and she overdosed on heroine in her hotel room. 

Martin Lloyd Elliot	we know that Jim Morrison was extremely rebellious against his very very military authorities. His father was an admiral and very very strict and everything that went with that and he found it extremely claustrophobic. Jim Morrison parents were on record having decided that when they brought up their children they would not use corporal punishment, they would not hit their children but what they did instead was a military dressing down, which involved the father standing whilst one of the children in front of him and yelling at them until they were deduced to shame ridden quacking, crying wrecks which is another form of violence.     

Paul Trynka	Using a persona is a dangerous business if you can’t control it and of course Jim Morrison was a prime example of you know developing yourself into this poet. 

Chris Salewicz	The significant thing for Jim Morrison seems to have been I think at the age of 4 in New Mexico i believe it is, they are driving somewhere with his parents and they come across an overturned truck which contained a lot of you know American Indians and this is a vision that comes back to haunt Jim Morrison insistently and it appears in some of his lyrics. 

Chris Salewicz	America was absolutely riven in two by people in favour of the Vietnam war and by young people essentially who were appalled by the notion of it and so the doors of course personified and embodied that sense of protest and it must have been very confusing for him that at the time the doors are becoming actually the biggest group in the United States his father that is in charge of an aircraft carrier bombing North Vietnam, that would suggest complicated unavoidable.     

Paul Gambaccini	if you have read his biography, you know that his behaviour in parties or social situations was sometimes anti social. 

Paul Gambaccini	and he had this knack for poetic metaphors and images and sometimes they were expressed in a commercial form others in an artistic form like horse latitudes but the point is that one of the reasons he was popular was because he was antisocial. He was anti social because he was unhappy. 

Chris Salewicz	Jim Morrison goes to UCLA film school and whilst he’s there he discovered LSD and in fact the first doors song was written during that period. The Doors at first are very druggy 

Pete Paphides	When i was a teenager everything that Jim Morrison did was amazing to me and he is sort of you know realistic excessive, it’s almost sort of a celebration of unsustainable throughly impractical way of living your life and so i enjoy it in away for different reasons to the reasons that i enjoyed it when u was a teenager.  

Lesley Ann Jones	and of course the women come flocking and what do the boys do? they don’t say no do they, so tons and tons of girlfriends at one point he had twenty paternity suits pending.  

Chris Salewicz	It kind of goes LSD, marijuana, booze and then the booze is sort of topped up with heroine. The heroine starts you now sort of late 60’s. It’s before he goes to Paris. 

Lesley Ann Jones	When he escaped to Paris for a while with his Girlfriend Pamala 

Chris Salewicz	He kind of flees really to Paris but Paris is not a good place to go to if you are trying to overcome hard drug problems 

Lesley Ann Jones	and then he just got immersed in the whole drug scene in Paris 

Chris Salewicz	I really like the film French Connection, heroine was a big drug in France and Paris was the sort of epicentre of the European heroine trade. 

Dylan Jones	Jim Morrison was off the rails in Paris, he was seemed intent on drinking himself to death quite quickly actually, i think one of the extraordinary things about Morrison’s very short career is how much he changed physically. 

Chris Salewicz	but you feel like that might be deliberate as well because maybe he wants to destroy that image of himself, but he’s clearly in a state of, he’s clearly in depression. 

Dylan Jones	because in 1966, 1967 there is no doubt that part of the doors huge appeal was the fact that he was extraordinarily good looking, great main of hair, very god looking man and by all accounts a very charismatic, but by the time he dies in 71 he was a beast and seemed to enjoy that. That he could bounce around bars in Saint Germain Paris literally drinking himself to death and he dies of a heroine overdose which is accidental, no more complicated than that. 

Lesley Ann Jones	You have got Brian Jones, Jimmy Hendrix, Janis Joplin, Jim Morrison all died within under three years of each other, this gave rise to this mythology of the 27 club, which might have gone away and in fact did for awhile because it a quite along time before it happened again, almost 25 years later Kurt Cobain. 

Chris Salewicz	He’s the sort of archetypal child of his age, parents are divorced, in fact all the parents of the members of Nevada were divorced. 

Lesley Ann Jones	He was ashamed of the fact that his parent had gone their separate ways, he was angry with them for leaving. His mother had custody for awhile but she couldn’t cope with him and she packed him off to live with his dad who couldn’t cope with him so he left him to be looked after by family members and friends. He started to rebel at school 

Chris Salewicz	In Kurt Cobain’s family suicide was common 

Martin Lloyd Elliot	Kurt Cobain you know came from a family with history of mental illness, two of his uncles had killed themselves by shooting themselves and one of his great uncles had also shot himself and we now know that trauma can run through family trees and if it’s not addressed it can repeat itself generation into generation. 

Lesley Ann Jones	He started drinking very heavily when he was 13, there was an old winer living in the village that they used to bribe this old guy to go in and but drinks

Chris Salewicz	When he was an early teenager comes across a boy in a forrest hanging by the neck, you know and he would say do i have the suicide gene? How would you define the music of Nevada? With a twist of lemon 

Lesley Ann Jones	Now you have got a very handsome, very small, very frail, little music fan, completely taken by punk rock and the sex pistols and the Beatles and the Monkeys and a weird sort of array of musical influences 

Dan Gillespie Sells	I think that Nevermind is kind of a brilliant, i know it’s a rock album but it’s also a brilliant pop album. Those songs are just gorgeous, they are just perfect three minute kind of pop songs with a complete twist harmonically and with that rage and that kind of energy. 

Pete Paphides	It’s interesting that Kurt Cobain loved Abba so much. 

Pete Paphides	They made these incredible songs with such a dense, so dense with melody and they did them in the most boring way imaginable by just going to a small studio and just working sort of office hours, often very long office hours. 

Chris Salewicz	I think Kurt had been doing heroine for a long time and he had been doing it before Nirvana are successful. You know as i suspected before i started doing heroine, i realised that i knew that at the beginning it would become just as boring as marijuana does you know like all drugs, after a few months it’s just as boring as you know breathing air  

Pete Paphides	All artists have to in order to sustain they have to pass the initiative test. Kurt Cobain’s challenge would have been to just have shifted from this kind of incredibly cathartic war music that he made.  

Keith Cameron	Nirvana, Nirvana made euphoric misery and sang it to the world and the world sang it back. 

Dan Gillespie Sells	Kurt Cobain changed the way harmony worked for Rock, you know nobody else was doing those changes, nobody was using those flat fives and those amazing sequences that were just so original and some how we had a melodic ability to make sense of really discordant sequences.

Keith Cameron	The success the material success that Nirvana enjoyed certainly allowed him to you know to destroy on a grand scale both himself and you know in terms of cultural destruction, i interviewed him i asked him what are your hopes for the next decade and he said i wanted to base everything from popular music that ever existed.  

Pete Paphides	I think he was quite, he was very ambivalent about his status as it was and the bigger he became, the more he tried to neutralise his guilt about being a kind of corporate rockstar. 

Keith Cameron	I think he was a very conflicted individual, he wanted it both ways, he wanted to be rich and famous, he wanted to be successful but also he wanted it to appear like he hadn’t had anything to do with it. He wanted to maintain the credibility within the artistic community from which he sprung.     

Pete Paphides	It’s in Utero that the final Nirvana album which was produced by Steve Albini, and Steve Albini is very much the producer you go to if you want to kind of prove to the wider world that you’re no longer a corporate whore  

Chris Salewicz	He gets involved with Courtney love who is a very intelligent woman, different, dealing with her own demons, but she’s tried him to clean up 

Lesley Ann Jones	so he really did set off on a path to be a decent parent, but himself into rehab but couldn’t stick to it. 

Chris Salewicz	He goes back to Seattle at the part where you go to get heroine and hookers, and Kurt really kind of liked this world. Tonight word of an untimely death, Kurt Cobain was the lead singer of the group Nirvana, their albums were best sellers, their songs filled with images of despair and violence. One lyric, the sun is gone but i have a light, the day is done but i’m having fun and then this morning his body found at home, another causality of success.  

Lesley Ann Jones	He couldn’t handle it because he wasn’t equips to, he didn’t have any infrastructure, there was no support system. His girlfriend was a wife, she was as addicted as he was. so there was nothing to cling to, there was no link for him, there was no yard stick to measure himself by. It was obvious this man is dead from a shotgun wound to the head, now there was a suicide note left inside the house.  

Paul Gambaccini	I was really shocked when i saw the front page of the independent reporting the death of Kurt Cobain, why was i shocked? because it was on the front page. He’d only had one big hit, but he had become such a totemic person, such a symbol for his generation, that to these people it didn’t matter that he hadn’t had more than one big album. I sort of admired him and i really liked Nirvana and i think it’s a real shame that he did it. Everyone is real upset about it and it’s a shock, we can’t understand, we can’t believe that it happened it’s unbelievable. 

Dave Ambrose	Kurt Cobain actual invented a whole new style of guitar playing in a sense the inversions the guitar inversions on the chords are brilliant and he you know, he was almost as influential as the Stones or Beatles in many ways.  

Paul Gambaccini	I was quite amazed because i was used to people having an impact in their death who had major catalogs, ranging from Bin Crosby to Elvis Presley but no this was the ultimate proof that in pop music we had now reached the stage where you could have one giant record and people take you as seriously as they would someone who has had ten years of hits. 

Lesley Ann Jones	and his mother Wendy when he died she gave an interview to a local paper and she said he’s gone and joined that stupid club, i told him not to join that stupid club which was taken to mean the 27 club but in fact what she really meant was the uncles who had committed suicide. So the press really got hold of this and the whole myth of the 27 club exploded all over again. 

Paul Gambaccini	The person who a record company tried to save but failed was Amy Winehouse. because you know that Lucian Grange spoke to her and sent her to the West Indies to get it together.  

Mick O’Shea	People were taking about Amy’s problems and i know Ireland, the head of Ireland Records was thinking we will drop her just so she can sort herself out but it’s too much of her I mean back to back sold millions, are you going to drop your major talent? 

Barney Hoskins	If you really sort of scratch the surface of the lip service given to of course we want to help our artist and we don’t want them to be unhappy or drug addicted, you know i think you do find that there is some investment in chaos, there is some investment in the car crash narrative. erm, prescription drugs, no, what makes me crazy? alcohol doesn’t do nice things to me, i’m quite a horrible drunk, i’m quite a horrible drunk actually. 

Barney Hoskins	She was fascinating because she was imploding.  

Korda Marshall	When she stood on that stage with a microphone in front of 50,000 people at the Isle of White Festival she was exposed she was frail and she was amazing because of all the different emotional context that happened to her experience.   

Korda Marshall	The pain that Amy was suffering whether it was the alcohol issues or the substance issues or the environmental issues, what ever her issues specifically were that day or as she was performing that’s what made her great.  


Lesley Ann Jones	Amy was the apple of her dad’s eye, her father Mitch the cab driver, the East London Jewish family, mother a chemist.

Mick O’Shea	Amy’s angst obviously stems from when her mum and dad split up, because it was this happy, little girl just sitting there listening to her dad’s records and dad would pick her up and the grandma she was very close to, this lovely little Jewish sort of family going on, no cares in the world. 

Lesley Ann Jones	She adored her dad but her dad was cheating on her mum and so therefore it must be Amy’s fault. She couldn’t work out that this was for any other reason than that something she had done wrong. 

Mick O’Shea	There was no slow burner with Amy she just fort of burst onto the scene. 

Tris Penna	every so often somebody comes along like an Amy Winehouse who is truly talented 

Lesley Ann Jones	By the time it got to back to black in 2006 she’d found the voice, she was angry she was reacting, she knew that she had to loathe her father for what he was doing to her mother. she’s know throughout the world by this time for twenty odd songs.  

Mick O’Shea	and she obviously had an addictive personality, starts off on drink, then goes to weed, then went onto coke 

Chris Salewicz	She’s in pain, she’s hurt, comes out in all her songs but she’s part of her age and part of her culture, she kind of enjoys, she really enjoys going out and getting off her head. 

Lesley Ann Jones	She tangled her hair up in this terrible ugly beehive, she had herself tattooed, she was showing all the signs of self harm and what is self harm but self loathing.  

Ann Harrison	Well publicised problems around the tragic early death of Amy Winehouse is certainly, you know made everybody kind of sit up and think okay we really need to be doing more. 

Chris Salewicz	The extent to which she was in the public eye. I think was quite unprecedented, we kind of forget that, so there is a certain amount of you might think death by you know celebrity culture.  

Lesley Ann Jones	The thing that made Amy’s life different was that she was doing all this in the information age so every breath she took every drug she overdosed on, ever bottle of wine she consumed was splashed all over the front pages and on peoples blogs, she never stood a chance. 

Gary Numan	I mean i had some pretty, pretty horrific times you know when i first started with the press. I had a very bad relationship with the press for a very long time and having asperges i often said the wrong things at the wrong time and i couldn’t understand, it was all a nightmare for quite a few years. 

Chilli Jesson	because as soon as you’re out there, you’re out there, there is no hiding from it, you know, you either are this person, there is no kind of mystique, there is a camera everywhere.

Mick O’Shea	That Belgrave show where the one where the footage from that went viral, that’s when people just thought this is a car crash. So who? If you’re her father or her mother or so called friends, would you have let your daughter walk out on that stage? 

Paul Gambaccini	I have hosted the avenallo awards for 29 years. The saddest event i those 29 years was watching the deterioration of Amy Winehouse who won three years in a row. The first year she goes up on stage and she’s perky and young and all this is so exciting ad it’s your typical what you want to see pop star reaction to being honoured by her peers, he fellow writers.  

Paul Gambaccini	Second year she gets up there, she’s a little hazy, she’s not all together but yeah she’s still happy. Third year her name is announced and she’s not there yet, now this is a lunch time award ceremony, her name would have been called at around 2:30 but she hadn’t gotten it together yet. She may not have been at the glitzy lunch but all talk was on Amy Winehouse who leading the pack with an impressive three nominations. 

Paul Gambaccini	and i thought man if you’re so messed up that you can’t even get somewhere by 2:30 you’re in deep trouble, and i though oh my god, you know unless somebody stops this, it’s over. I don’t know what i’m doing up here, you know but Amy unfortunately couldn’t make it but she is getting better 

Lesley Ann Jones	and she said to her dad, i need to get away from this, i want to go on holiday, can we just go on holiday just you and me dad, so he said yeah we will go to the Caribbean and they booked a holiday just the two of them. 

Lesley Ann Jones	He brought a film crew and she was horrified when they rocked up, he turned up with a film crew and she said what are they doing here? and he said well you know i thought we might just do a sort of at home with Amy on holiday and she said well that’s not what i wanted, i wanted to leave it all behind and i just wanted to have some time with you and even on holiday that time she never got. 

Mick O’Shea	Yeah i think when Amy had reached that sort of state where everyone could see who she was it just took anyone just to step in. 


Dylan Jones	She was let down by her family, by the people around her possibly by the record company and she didn’t appear to be very good at making good choses so i think she is the one who slipped through the net. Amy was more than five times the legal drink drive limit when she died, as the cornia and inquest into her death recorded a verdict of misadventure  

Mick O’Shea	I think her dad, i think Mitch does, Mitch does have a part to play because he was, it’s almost like he was looking to launch his career on the back of Amy, which he did. 

Lesley Ann Jones	instead of looking at these pictures of his daughter with the blood seeping through the ballet shoes and the self harming going on and thinking Amy needs me I owe her, i’m her father, i need to save her from this, what does he do? launches a music career, decided to fulfil his life long dream being a quasi Frank Sinatra.  

Mick O’Shea	She was suppose to have these minors to keep her away from it but then she would be alone in her room with her mobile phone. 

Lesley Ann Jones	She was a weird kind of marriage or wasn’t it a marriage nobody really knows about that relationship. 

Paul Gambaccini	What can we learn from the deterioration of Amy Winehouse? Well one thing is it’s hard to stop somebody when they are on their way down, because you don’t control their heart, their mind, their emotions are their own .

Lesley Ann Jones	before her 28th birthday she had poisoned herself with alcohol and she died. 

Paul Gambaccini	of her old friends and the record company it was not enough to stop the deterioration of someone who suddenly could afford every vice 

Lesley Ann Jones	Why weren’t people looking after her? She had a minder, why wasn’t somebody watching what she was consuming 

Chris Salewicz	no one is really looking after her, why weren’t people really keeping an eye on her? I mean Amy she’s got the body guard outside her door and she’s inside dying.  

Paul Gambaccini	I don’t go along with the conspiracy theory, the industry, as if it were the Gods of Valhalla sitting at a banquet table saying okay who down there is really messed up     

Tom Robinson	for me i think i had pinned all my sense of self worth on the idea of having some sort of success in music, that it would validate me as a person if a lot of people loved me. 

Gary Numan	When i was 21 i did nothing but get up in the morning write songs, think about it you know, go daydreaming and then go to sleep, that was it, that was my life 

Dan Gillespie Sells	and there is something really great about nobody giving a shit because you just create, you just make stuff and you just do what you just play like a child plays. You’re not self conscious at all and then the bubble gets smaller and smaller as more people start have opinions around you and suddenly there is money in what you do, as soon as there is money in what you do everyone has got an opinion. 

Paul Gambaccini	When a human becomes a profit source, a cash cow, most of the people around him except for a true friend will cater to their every whim.  

Korda Marshall	You know drug abuse doesn’t just stop at the artist sometimes it comes from the record label to the artist. I would argue quite honestly that some of the people within the industry are suffering from some of the same effects. 

Cosmo Hallstrom	Most artists you have to to build at link with them first, you have got to build a bridge with them before you start telling people what to do. One of the things i sometimes do would be to say well better that i prescribe for you than you go and buy bad stuff or illicitly on the internet. So the first thing you do is aim for stability whilst keeping my GMC licence. 

Peter Jenner	Obviously as a manger i sometimes have encouraged people to do what i thought would be best for their career. Was it because its best for their career or because it’s best for my wallet 

Chilli Jesson	There’s that line with commercialism right it’s like. It’s that line and for me there is a clear line. 

Olly Alexander	Well the industry defines success as which is selling records which we all would like you know to maintain a level of kind of cultural relevance and be playing on the radio and sell your records, ultimately it’s kind of unattainable i think. 

Barney Hoskins	Fame is traumatic because everyone thinks they want it and then when it comes knocking at the door it’s very difficult to handle. 

Cosmo Hallstrom	Having seen what i have seen i certainly wouldn't want to be star , it’s a very fragile, ephemeral existence, it may be fun for awhile but very soon you loose you soul. 


Paul Gambaccini	It’s not the job of the music industry to be a social worker but as circumstances have it the music industry is an enabler.     

Korda Marshall	I think the record industry has a responsibility, i think certainly when you are working with young talent you have a responsibility. Remember as a record industry we spend a lot of money, we invest in a lot of money in these artists so if i’m going to invest three hundred or four hundred or five hundred thousand pounds which can rise up to your know one million and a half pounds sometimes before we actually start bringing the money back, that's a big investment so i want to know that the artist that we are investing the money into is solid.   

Tris Penna	You know i have seen artists crying you know who have been dropped just in a room on their own and i walk past and think what the fuck do i do? There is an artist nobody has comforting them, nobody is doing that and that’s how awful the world had now become.  

Ann Harrison	You know if you are going to take their money, they are not going to give it for free, they are not a charity, they are going to want something back. 

Dylan Jones	There are fewer artists and there are fewer artists that make a lot of money and in my way if thinking the sort of Narrative arc of the Rock and Roll era is sort of coming to an end really. 

Olly Alexander	The days of record labels finding unknown artists and completely moulding them and doing it that way are over 

Tris Penna	of course nobody wants to cause harm, it’s not a deliberate thing at all but they are like raw materials and assets for these companies.  

Peter Jenner	I think you can responsibly in business expect them to have an financial duty i don’t think you can reasonably expect them to have a moral duty 

Tris Penna	I think most artist have generally speaking something missing.

Peter Jenner	The industry knows that the way to keep them going is you give them what they want.  
