Voice Over	Previously on Agent.

Christopher	Shall I remind you, I said you need to fix this before it becomes a bad habit.

Blaze	She’s been in Europe the whole week.

Lesego	The first photo shoot of up-and-coming Marlboro United stars, right next to the world stars.

Godi	When were you going to tell me?

Blaze	I've never seen or heard about this until now.

Lesego	My laaitie, you are replacing the Zlat.

Herve	Where will we stay?

Lesego	West coast. It's lit boy. Hot honeys in bikinis everywhere.

Lesego	What up B?

Herve	Hey Blaze.

Blaze	Am I missing something?

Blaze	So you won’t play him? You won’t play Vuyo?
Zoe	Austerity is key to Apollo's survival.

Blaze	I don't believe that you not playing Vuyo has anything to do with your supposed cash flow problems.

Zoe	Then what do you think it's supposedly got to do with?

Blaze	You're mad at me. You're angry at me and you're taking it out on my client.

Zoe	And why would I be angry at you Blaze?

Blaze	Because I turned down your offer to 'join your little family here' and instead I stayed with Chris and that's the part that you really really can't stand.

Zoe	Yes you did turn down my offer.

Blaze	But Vuyo has earned his bonuses. He's the best player you have by a country mile.

Blaze	If you wanna come at me, come at me, but do not take it out on Vuyo. He feels surplus to requirements.

Zoe	Mmm, cos maybe he is…

Blaze	Look... Vuyo 'the train' Moyo, the best right back in the country?

Zoe	Until he isn’t.

Blaze	Are you prepared to let it get that far?

Blaze	Zo, I have not forgotten of the things you have done for me in the past.

Zoe	Ooh, I actually think you've got a very short memory because how did Vuyo get here in the first 
place?

Blaze	I remember, so?

Zoe	Aaah... his deal with Kwamashu Devils fell through at the last second and you were scrambling for another one.

Blaze	And... your faith in him has been more than rewarded, but the way you're treating him, that's disgraceful.

Zoe	No player is bigger than his club. And his club is suffering so therefore we will all be making sacrifices.

Blaze	If you want me to leave Christopher, I will leave, I will come to you, if that's what it takes to play Vuyo. I'll do it.

Zoe	Unfortunately that offer Blaze has expired. So if you want Vuyo to get his pay out, then Vuyo will wait one match at a time.

Christopher	So she actually considered making you leave me, just so Vuyo could get on the pitch again?

Blaze	But then she backtracked, probably because she realized that I'd be doing so reluctantly.

Christopher	Sometimes I wonder, just how reluctant you are…

Christopher	Gotta say I admire her.

Christopher	Can't we concoct some kind of sweetener?

Christopher	Seems to me this fuck-you attitude isn't getting us anywhere.

Christopher	So are you gonna tell me about this girl bruv?

Christopher	Come on, you know the one I'm talking about. You've been seeing her.

Christopher	I caught you in my office with her earlier.

Blaze	We're seeing each other, but it's chilled.

Christopher	It’s chilled? One day it's a relationship, one day it's marriage the next day it's kids.

Blaze	Yeah not with my track record, no.

Christopher	Why you being so quiet about this one?

Blaze	Because there's nothing much to say right now.

Christopher	What's going on bruv?

Blaze	Nothing.

Blaze	Uh, Jade... she says Lesego and Herve…

Blaze	Never mind. It doesn't really matter.

Christopher	You know damn well it does. 

Christopher	Shouldn't you be in Mauritius, keeping a hawk’s eye on them?

Blaze	What?

Christopher	It's not Jade's job, is it?

Lesego	Now.

Lesego	We gonna go for a stroll on the beach. Which two of you ladies gonna go with the boy Ace Phule Moleko?

Lesego	And junior here for a stroll on the beach? Once in a lifetime opportunity ladies... hmmm... going once…

Lesego	Oh hello... well hello ladies, what's your name?

Joelle	Joelle.

Lesego	Hmmm, merci.

Lesego	Merci huh?

Herve	Yes.

Lesego	And you?

Meshnie	Meshnie…

Lesego	Meshnie, huh?

Herve	Hello.

Lesego	Let's do this, fam.

Lesego	What's up babe?

Natalie	You sort that thing out for your boss?

Blaze	Kind of, not really.

Natalie	You're not going?

Blaze	No, I could still be though. The sponsors organized an Air Mauritius flight out of OR Tambo. Leaves at sixteen thirty.

Natalie	You there?

Blaze	Still at home?

Natalie	You think you gonna make it?

Blaze	I'm thinking we should both try make it. On one condition that we leave in the next twenty…

Natalie	What?

Blaze	It's just one Sunday in Mauritius. I mean what’s gonna happen in one day?

Natalie	Uh... okay, uh, okay... but you know my condition.

Blaze	Yeah yeah you need to land back early on Monday so you can report to the station?

Natalie	Ugh, if I don't, they'll hit the roof.

Blaze	The return has us booked back at eight fifteen Monday morning.

Natalie	As long as I'm there by noon?

Blaze	Don't forget your passport.

Natalie	Okay... I’ll see you on the other side.

Blaze	If destiny allows…

Meshnie	So... you're from Ghana?

Herve	Côte d'Ivoire.

Meshnie	Where’s that?

Herve	Near Ghana.

Meshnie	Cool.

Herve	And you?

Meshnie	Who? Me? I was born in Cairo but I grew up in Rotterdam…

Herve	Rotterdam? So you speak German? I mean, Dutch?

Meshnie	Uh hmm. Well, my mom's from Morocco and my dad's a South African. You know when I started with Alpha, I lived in Paris for a year. I picked up a few words myself.

Herve	Ah yes?

Meshnie	Will you come to the bedroom with me?

Herve	What?

Meshnie	Was my French that bad--

Herve	No, no, uh, it's just like I'm not used to it women who--

Meshnie	... who say what they want?

Herve	Yeah.

Meshnie	It's hot. We're young. This is Mauritius and…

Meshnie	I'd like to crack open this little six-pack.

Lesego	Nah next thing I'm outside, jumping over the wall, wearing what?

Lesego	An Amakhosi jersey. Public enemy number one, I tell you.

Lesego	Lookie, lookie, lookie.

Lesego	Huh, I have created a monster.

Joelle	And now your little protégé is doing way better than you.

Lesego	No, no... it ain't like that at all baby.

Lesego	Me. Who daddy?

Joelle	Oh come on, boys will be boys.

Lesego	Hey yo J, so guess what?

Joelle	What?

Lesego	Yeah I read somewhere that uh between 10 and 2 is when people get the most skin damage, you know what I'm saying.

Lesego	So what do you say if we, uh, head back in doors.

Joelle	Is that why your girlfriend left the pool?

Lesego	Huh?

Joelle	Your girlfriend? The pretty thing you gave your room key to?

Lesego	What makes you think she's my girlfriend--

Joelle	Girlfriend? I don't know. You seemed a little scared of her.

Lesego	Hey yo... 

Lesego	…you know when I step to a girl, often there’s uh, I like to cut to the chase.

Joelle	Listen models travel, a lot bra. And they pick things up. Languages. Lovers. Skills.

Lesego	Okay easy easy…

Joelle	I took a self-defence class in Singapore.

Joelle	Never had a chance to use it until now. Would have helped growing up in the Congo.

Joelle	I'd love nothing more than to have some young stud take me to new places of pleasure... but I'm married now.

Lesego	Okay.

Joelle	And I don't get involved with married people. Got it?

Lesego	Okay.

Joelle	Got it?

Lesego	Yeah.

Joelle	You sure?

Joelle	What's her name? Your girlfriend.

Lesego	Nina.

Joelle	Then I think it's time you get back to your Nina.

Lesego	'My Nina'.

Lesego	Ah fuck. Oh shit. Okay.

Lesego	Ah no I'm cool everybody, I'm cool, nah that's how it is, we kinda like to roll like that, me and her, you know.

Meshnie	So my girl Jerusha scored this for me.

Meshnie	She's always warning me about this Indian Ocean blow. 

Meshnie	She says it's not like that diluted Dubai crap.

Meshnie	Let's see…

Meshnie	You first.

Meshnie	Ah God, you're so cute.

Meshnie	Watch and learn.

Meshnie	Whooooo! Jerusha!!!

Meshnie	Your turn.

Meshnie	And you're not getting out of this. 

Meshnie	Oh come on, I did it, you have to. Uh, just do it.

Herve	Okay.

Meshnie	Colombia 1, Côte d'Ivoire 0!

Meshnie	Would you like some more?

Herve	No. No.

Meshnie	Good job.

Lesego	<whistles>

Lesego	Hmmm.

Meshnie	God, you're like a slab. We could have snorted the coke off you.

Meshnie	Just relax. I know you haven't done it on coke before. Try to enjoy it.

Meshnie	Oh my God.

Meshnie	Okay um, just... do what I do. Or what I say.

Meshnie	Come here. 

Meshnie	Take it off.

Meshnie	Leave it to me.

Meshnie	Lie down.

Meshnie	What do you do when you're trying to score a penalty?

Herve	Um... you have to stay calm.

Meshnie	Exactly. Stay calm... 

Meshnie	…stay calm... 

Meshnie	…stay calm.

Meshnie	Voilá.

Jade	Hey. 

Jade	What are you doing here? I thought you were already at the party?

Lesego	What are you doing here?

Jade	I'm waiting for the car.

Lesego	You want one?

Jade	Yeah. Thank you.

Lesego	So what's the deal there anyway?

Jade	Ah it's sweet. Three-to-one in fact.

Lesego	Fuck! Wenger! What's he still doing on the job?

Jade	Woah, slow down Piers Morgan. Liverpool's record against the top six is world class.

Lesego	Well it's your record against the bottom six you should worry about.

Jade	Fair point.

Lesego	You know that my last straw was that fucking Bayern Munich disaster.

Lesego	I mean 10-2 on aggregate?!?! The guy should have been a man and just quit right there and then.

Jade	Well, I ‘ten-two’ agree.

Jade	So, how's the body, Lesego?

Lesego	Well I'd say you looking mighty fine Mami.

Jade	I'm talking about yours, homeboy...

Jade	... the way you've been playing I would say you have an injury you haven't told anyone about.

Lesego	I'm fine. I'm goo--, I'm good.

Jade	Ace, you know I'm your number one fan, right? 

Jade	I'm only asking because... I care. 

Jade	And I've seen too many promising players compromising their careers for the sake of... distractions.

Jade	Thanks. Easy on the sauce tonight, okay?

Lesego	Enjoy yourself.

Lesego	I'm with you on that one. I can sign that contract. Never trust a bitch.

Jean-Pierre	That's not what I'm telling you. What I'm telling you is, there are no contracts in love, but this is not love, this is football, this is pen on paper.

Lesego	Uh, uh, uh, uh, you see that's where we're different B, because for me, soccer's love.

Lesego	It is love. Women on the other hand, it's just business.

Jean-Pierre	You know what, fuck it. Are you with me? 

Lesego	Fuck it.

Jean-Pierre	Fuck it, I mean look at this place.

Lesego	Yeah, It's pumping.

Jean-Pierre	Look at it, it's pumping, but what is missing? 

Jean-Pierre	Okay I'll rephrase, who isn't here?

Lesego	Who isn't here?

Jean-Pierre	Blaze Magoba isn't here. 

Jean-Pierre	That's right.

Jean-Pierre	And where is Blaze Magoba? 

Jean-Pierre	And why is he not here? Well he is not here because Blaze Magoba is what you find at the bottom of the canary cage.

Lesego	Shit?

Jean-Pierre	Yesterday's story moisha monsieur.

Receptionist	Good evening, welcome to Sugar Beach.

Blaze	Hi. Thank you.

Blaze	Booking under Blaze Magoba.

Nina	Blaze! I thought you'd never get here ‘my love’.

Blaze	Oh Nina... where's, your man?

Nina	Who cares, what matters is you're here now.

Blaze	You two have met, once before, right?

Blaze	This is Natalie, Natalie this is Nina, Lesego's girlfriend.

Natalie	Very nice to meet you, officially.

Nina	Nice to see you... in focus this time.

Blaze	Well, I guess we'll see you tomorrow then, right?

Nina	Are you not coming to the open night party?

Blaze	No, it's, it's late…

Nina	Late?

Natalie	Why not, um, we're only here tomorrow so?

Blaze	Yeah, why not... we'll see you there, right?

Nina	Psss... are you his date?

Natalie	Last I checked.

Nina	Oh…

Blaze	Um, we're all set yeah.

Natalie	It was really lovely to meet you.

Blaze	Excuse me.

Nina	And Blaze...

Blaze	Nina?

Nina	... I can still taste you from the other day. 

Nina	What's happening with us?

Blaze	Nothing's happening. It was... a mistake.

Jean-Pierre	You see what you need is an agent, but what you have is a man who wants his cut without working for it.

Jean-Pierre	That's not right. It is not right. 

Jean-Pierre	And I haven't even got to the fringe benefits yet. For example, women with a particular taste in football players.

Lesego	Uh huh huu.

Jean-Pierre	You follow me? Yeah? Yeah! Let me say this once again, who isn't here? Who isn't here?

Lesego	Blaze.

Jean-Pierre	Blaze. 

Jean-Pierre	Are you well?

Jean-Pierre	Listen, I know you don't like my methods. But that's not my problem. 

Jean-Pierre	The problem is that you're making a huge mistake.

Jean-Pierre	And you know it. 

Jean-Pierre	You shouldn't go with Magoba. 

Jean-Pierre	You know it.

Herve	But no, that's not possible.

Jean-Pierre	What's not possible? 

Jean-Pierre	I have sponsors who just want to throw money on young players like you.

Jean-Pierre	I'm talking about 10 year deals! 10 years!

Herve	Well I'm still young. 

Herve	We don't even know where I'll be in 2 years.

Jean-Pierre	Hey, tell him about the benefits.

Lesego 	Boy... benefits in this game wearing bras… panties... benefits like, big titties...

Lesego	Or the benefits that you can chop up and eat up…

Jean-Pierre	Or benefit would you like some of those benefits?

Lesego	Ooooh, would you like some of those benefits my good sir. 

Lesego	What's my name boy?

Jean-Pierre	Oooooh, no problem my good son. Ha-ha-ha-ha-haaa.

Jean-Pierre	Hello. Yeah. And one for the young-un.

Lesego	Come on, let’s party.

Lesego	Hey barman. Three martinis.

Jean-Pierre	It's all good, relax. All is well. 

Jean-Pierre	All is well.

Stranger	Can I get you a drink?

Jade	Sure.

Jade	Slick.

Stranger	I don't like to waste time. 

Stranger	Now tell me, how come a gorgeous woman like you is sitting here alone?

Jade	I don't know. Maybe I was waiting for someone like you to come over.

Stranger	Is that so?

Jade	Yeah. I was sitting here alone, miserable, then you showed up.

Jade	And here I am with a glass in my hand and some cute guy talking to me.

Stranger	I'd love to get to know you.

Jade	Well, that's a nice change. 

Jade	Usually people think I'm weird, you know.... 

Jade	... with the make-up and the tattoos.

Stranger	Oh, oh I like tattoos. Do you have some of those hidden somewhere on your body, because I'd love to see them?

Jade	I'm serious. It's difficult to build relationships because of that, you know.

Jade	People think I'm bizarre.

Stranger	Well, that's not the case with me honey.

Jade	And I keep saying that syphilis is not contagious. I’ve seen that on Facebook.

Jade	But I don't know why people just don't believe me.

Jade	But anyway... 

Jade 	... you’re not the kind of guy who likes to waste time, so... 

Jade	... what do we do?

Stranger	Uh...

Jade	Stay here or we go somewhere else? Tell me.

Stranger	Uh, I think there's a misunderstanding.

Jade	No, what’s wrong? We were just getting started baby.

Stranger	No, no. It's uh, its okay. It uh, it was nice talking to you, but, um, I gotta go.

Jade	Where are we going?

Jade	Well, thanks for the drink.

Lesego	You have no idea...

Jean-Pierre	Really? Really?

Blaze	Why don’t you excuse me for a second?

Blaze	Duty calls.

Natalie	I'll get us a table.

Blaze	Alright.

Jade	Well, well, well, look who decided to show up.

Blaze	What’s up J?

Jade	I know you read all my messages? Drinks are free.

Blaze	I'm sorry, I was on the run all day.

Jade	Well it takes five seconds to say, 'thanks, I got it'.

Blaze	What's wrong with you?

Jade	I should be meeting my deadlines, instead I'm running around trying to keep your clients from giving you a bad name.

Blaze	And you know I appreciate it, right?

Nina	Mind if I join?

Nina	So... Why's a beautiful girl like you sitting on her own?

Natalie	Blaze is busy... working.

Nina	That's what I used to say about Lesego too... 

Nina	Just didn't realize it involved drugs and sex, this 'working thing’.

Jade	Jean-Pierre’s been tapping up both your clients since he got here.

Jade	No doubt he has something to do with the girl, who took Herve back to her room. 

Jade	And let's just say that Herve had to blow his nose a few too many times tonight.

Nina	Thank you sweetheart. 

Nina	And what about you? Let me guess, PR?

Natalie	Uh uh.

Nina	Insurance?

Natalie	No.

Nina	Journalist?

Natalie	Detective.

Jean-Pierre	What?

Jean-Pierre	Come on man, don't punish me for doing my job. You're done Magoba.

Jean-Pierre	You're done. Everybody knows it even your clients know it. You're finished.

Blaze	Look here, French fry, why don't you worry about your clients and let me worry about mine? Yeah?

Blaze	You have a shoot tomorrow!

Jean-Pierre	Bye, little brother.

Blaze	Wait for me in the parking, yeah?

Blaze	How long are you going to keep doing this to me?

Lesego	Yooo the plane is getting full...

Lesego	… nigger gotta fuck shit up. 

Lesego	When are you coming on board!

Blaze	Les.

Blaze	If you want to bad-mouth me to Yazbek, that's your business. But leave Herve out of it.

Blaze	He's my client, not some project of yours.

Lesego	Loosen up B. Loosen.

Blaze	Listen… How long have I been saying the same thing?

Lesego	Oh yeah yeah yeah, that's a good fucking question and you're not the kid's dad.

Blaze	But every man has a breaking point.

Lesego	Ha ha ha haaa. Ah yeah, you tell me when there's a man, gimme a call.

Lesego	You better get the fuck out of my face, B. 

Lesego	Ha haa, I can feel your energy from like two planets away…

Lesego	… bitch don't kill my vibe. Bitch don't kill my vibe.

Lesego	Come on B.

Lesego	We're in Mauritius dog. Have a drink or something, this is not Pretoria.

Blaze	If you wanna fuck up your life, that's okay.

Blaze	I stopped caring a long time ago. But I'll not stand by and watch you fuck up that kid's life--

Lesego	Watch? Watch? That's what you always do Blaze, you just stand around and watch as if you have nothing to hide.

Blaze	All I'm saying is, be professional for once, okay? You gonna destroy that kid.

Lesego	Oh thank God. I hope that's for him cos he needs one.

Nina	It's for his girlfriend actually.

Lesego	His girlfriend? What the fuck does she mean 'his girlfriend'?

Lesego	Is it that coloured bitch? Oh shit--

Blaze	Just show up for the shoot tomorrow.

Lesego	There must be no-one left in Jozi who will fuck your ass.

Lesego	Yaaah.

Lesego	Ah yeah.

Lesego	Come on let’s party.

Natalie	Shall we go?

Blaze	You've met Lesego, right?

Lesego	Oh yeah she has bro. In fact a few times. Even before you met her.

Natalie	Very much in passing.

Lesego	Oh but not the second time.

Natalie	You sure about that?

Blaze	Shall we?

Nina	Alright.

Blaze	Herve. It’s Blaze.

Lesego	What did you make of that, uh, Natalie?

Nina	You seem to know her better.

Lesego	You spoke to her tonight, didn't you? 

Nina	Mmm.

Lesego	Yeah so what's the deal?

Nina	What's the deal? 

Nina	She's a normal woman, girl next door, girl next door type. 

Nina	A detective. Educated.

Lesego	It's just weird.

Nina	It’s weird your friend wants to settle down? 

Nina	What's weird about that? It's normal.

Lesego	No not for Blaze, you know. Wait did you say detective?

Nina	Yes…

Lesego	As in a cop?

Nina	Hmm Hmm.

Lesego	I didn't know Blaze to stay long enough with anyone to know their middle name.

Nina	Sometimes people realize it. They don't want to live their life forever on their own.

Lesego	Huh, oh no. Not me. No.

Nina	Then what am I?

Lesego	You are my rebound.

Nina	Hahaha. Your rebound? 

Lesego	Uh huh.

Nina	Really?

Lesego	Yeah.

Nina	Did you forget you were like seeing, hmm, five different girls when we met--

Lesego	Yeah that's what's up.

Nina	Yeah, five... and after a while, it was just me left.

Lesego	Oh yeah?

Nina	Yeah.

Lesego	And you were the most freakin' high maintenance of all of them…

Lesego	… but nowhere near as boring.

Nina	Hahaha. You’re unbelievable.

Blaze	Herve, it’s very important to me that you're happy and that tomorrow goes well.

Herve	Oh, sorry. I was... what you say, I was buzzing.

Blaze	I know about the model.

Herve	She was Dutch. Or, I think from Morocco. And also from Egypt. I think she was all of them.

Blaze	I know about the coke.

Herve	Are you angry at me? I mean, I never done this before?

Blaze	Just be on time for your shoot tomorrow... and no more sniffing that stuff. I mean it.

Blaze	Get some rest, okay?

Herve	Okay.

Blaze	Here you go ma'am.

Blaze	Not that easy. Come on.

Blaze	Mmm, that's more like it.

Natalie	So I think I've got it all figured out. 

Natalie	You're Ivan. I'm Katerina I reckon.

Natalie	And Nina... definitely Grushenka.

Blaze	What are you on about?

Natalie	Mmm... I'm still looking for Fyodor, the father figure although I suspect that might be your boss Christopher. But Lesego…

Natalie	Lesego is definitely Dmitri. The sensualist. 

Natalie	Can't seem to have enough women or trouble. Unhappy ending written all over him.

Natalie	How was it with Herve?

Blaze	Fine. He's a good kid. Just easily influenced.

Natalie	Perfect! I think we have our Alexei.

Blaze	I hope tonight didn't freak you out?

Natalie	Why? Because you have a lot of female admirers?

Blaze	No, because my clients can be hard work sometimes…

Natalie	But you admit that you have many female admirers? This is not me being jealous by the way.

Blaze	They're work associates.

Natalie	In the same way you introduced me as a work associate to your boss?

Blaze	That was different.

Natalie	And the beautiful Indian lady?

Blaze	That's Jade, she's like my little sister, you know. She works in media, and she's a huge Liverpool fan like myself.

Natalie	I'm not sure she considers you an older brother?

Blaze	I'm pretty sure she does.

Natalie	Oblivious… just like Ivan. But I think Ivan and Dmitri are headed for trouble….

Nina	Why do you play with my emotions babe?

Lesego	Hmm?

Nina	hy do you play with my emotions?

Lesego	Can we talk about this in the morning, it's late.

Nina	Now it's late because it suits you. 

Nina	The whole day you've been looking up girl's skirts, snorting lines, boozing like if your life depended on it. 

Nina	It's not a fucking bachelor’s Lesego.

Lesego	Oh what is it then?

Nina	A holiday you're on with your girlfriend.

Lesego	Mmmm. 

Lesego	More like a paid holiday, for you. 

Lesego	And I'm working. I'm on a job.

Lesego	Is that fair? 

Lesego	Didn't think so.

Nina	What am I to you? How do you see me?

Nina	Tell me. I need to know.

Lesego	Can we sleep please?

Nina	I hate that look you get on your face when I'm introduced as a 'partner' or as a 'girlfriend'.

Nina	You can't even hide your disgust.

Lesego	You are here, are you not? Huh? 

Lesego	So please just switch off the light and keep quiet.

Lesego	There's our girl, thank you.

Nina	If you want to be single,  go be single... 

Nina	...but rather tell me now...  

Nina	…so I don't have to waste more of my life in a relationship with someone... 

Nina	...with someone who doesn't want me.

Blaze	How are your sleeping patterns? 

Blaze	You seemed agitated on the plane.

Natalie	I have these recurring nightmares.

Blaze	About?

Natalie	About me and what I did.

Natalie	What I keep on seeing... is that moment of realization... 

Natalie	...of stealing a life I wasn't supposed to.

Natalie	That moment just after my finger pulled the trigger... 

Natalie	...when I looked around and I saw him, lying on the floor... 

Natalie	…and then there was this blood spreading around us... 

Natalie	...this funny lilac linoleum floor... 

Natalie	...a woman in the background wailing somewhere... 

Natalie	...and officers yelling something at me, but me not understanding them…

Natalie	…it's just... it's just spinning out of control... ... it's just, just losing my mind one inch at a time, just going and going and going and going and going.

Blaze	What was his name?

Natalie	Jarred Coetzee. 

Natalie	God, I'll never forget that name. 

Natalie	Just an honest guy... worked as a foreman in a factory, you know. 

Natalie	Nothing fancy. 

Natalie	Married to Berty, who's a lovely woman, Berty and their two beautiful daughters…

Natalie	You know that moment in my dream…it’s…

Natalie	…it's that taste that you get in the back of your throat... it's that smell of sulphur... 

Natalie	... it, it, it just makes you wanna gag, it just... it makes you wanna stop breathing... it just...

Natalie	…it makes you wanna say goodbye to the whole God damn fucking thing. 

Natalie	Maybe it's different for other people, you know... I mean how would you know... 

Natalie	...it's just how it felt like for me.

Natalie	But then it's also like I'm floating... numb...

Natalie	...floating in a sea of darkness... just... floating.

