TITLE CARD:	DISCLAIMER The people, characters, companies and clubs in this Series are purely fictional. Any resemblance to any person, company, club or situation is coincidental.

Voice Over	Previously on Agent.

TITLES	Previously on Agent

Godi	Joh! Joh! Joh.

Phunlani	Fuck Blaze Baba. Baba, Lesego is messing up tremendously.

Delilah	Do you have bullets for that?

Natalie	You don't have to tell me anything.

Blaze	I'm not going anywhere.

Blaze	Under age, walk away.

Blaze	Lesego!

Blaze	Get your fucking hands... oh shit.

Natalie	Did you fuck her?

Phumlani	Ladies and Gentlemen thank you, thank you so very much for being with us here today. 

Phumlani	Before we begin, we have a very special treat for you. 

Phumlani	We would like to begin with a song of praise. A song of praise, for my father. Mister Walter Dube.

Praise Singers	“Hallelujah, hallelujah... 

Praise Singers	There is no one like Him. 

Praise Singers	Phumlani, I love You. Boss, I love You

Praise Singers	Boss I love you

Praise Singers	There is no one like him

Praise Singers	There is no one like him.”

Christopher	Does this guy have any limits?

Blaze	She knows, Chris. Natalie. She knows.

Blaze	I told her everything.

Christopher	<whistles> Fuck me... and?

Blaze	She... she was okay with it.

Christopher	"She's okay with it"? Mate, she's a copper and she just let you off the hook?

Blaze	She understands the context of that night... and why things went down the way they did.	

Christopher	She's playing you bruv. Letting you feel secure, meanwhile back at the station, she's launching an official investigation...

Blaze	Maybe, but that's not the real reason why she wouldn't take me back...

Christopher	What other reason could there possibly be?

Blaze	Remember Cape Town... remember Bay Crystal...?

Christopher	Why would you volunteer that information?

Blaze	Because I'm tired of harbouring secrets.

Christopher	That's why she turfed you? That's the real reason bruv?

TITLE CARD	Agent

TITLE CARD	Yellow Card

Phumlani	When my grandfather Evans began this football club, many many years ago, they had to wear their shirts inside out for their away games. 

Phumlani	And that's because they could not afford a change of kit. 

Phumlani	Fifty years later we stand on the threshold of becoming Africa's biggest football club. 

Phumlani	And yes, my father's blood runs, or rather, is ingrained, in every single blade of grass here at this club. What shall I call it? Hmm? The theatre of dreams. 

Phumlani	But his blood...yes, his blood is now needed by his weakening heart. 

Phumlani	And whilst we may all never forget the significant contribution that this great man, Walter Dube, has made for this football club. I believe today, it is time to look forward. 

Phumlani	It is time to look forward into a brighter future where Marlboro United will not aim for the Top 8 like they used to. 

Phumlani	No more Bobsave. No more Mainstay. And no more Knock Out.

Phumlani	We will now aim for the stars. We aim, we achieve. 

Phumlani	"We carry a new world here, in our hearts. That world is growing this minute".

Phumlani	I now invite each and every one of you, to ask any questions.

Jade	Jade Singh, Laduma. Mr Dube--

Phumlani	Yes I know exactly who you are, sister.

Jade	Before I begin, any reason why you choose to end your speech with a quote from Spanish revolutionary Buenaventura Durruti?

Phumlani	Well... my dear sister, we must give credit where it is due.

Jade	But that quote is about the workers overcoming the bourgeoisie... 

Jade	... surely that's not what you're saying?

Phumlani	Yes.

Ademola	African Soccer Today. 

Ademola	Yes uh, Ademola Babatunde, African Soccer Today. Is it true that you have sent Herve Touré to the under-17s? And if so, why?

Phumlani	If you refer to this noble crest...

Phumlani	... of our dear club, it says Marlboro United. It does not say Marlboro Divided. Or Marlboro Individual. 

Phumlani	There is no question ladies and gentleman, that indeed Toure is a very very talented young player. 

Phumlani	There is no question of that.

Phumlani	Oh, but like my good old friend Sir Alex Ferguson said, 'no player is bigger than the club'.

Jade	Uh, if I may...

Jade	... Mr Dube... there has been lots of speculation regarding the recent movements of club captain Lesego Moleko... 

Jade	.... who has missed the last three games and wasn't with the team at the awards dinner. 

Jade	Could you confirm or deny reports that the club is going to off-load him?

Phumlani	Mr. Moleko has been granted a period of compassionate leave just to sort out a family issue.

Blaze	What does 'family issues' even mean?

Christopher	It's better than fucking 'rehab', that's what. Look, if there's one thing this fucking wanker knows, its PR. Lesego will be fine.

Phumlani	Whether or not Mr. Moleko is part of the 'Phumlani vision' remains to be seen.

Phumlani	In fact, I would argue that this isn't even up to Phumlani. It is in fact up to Mister Moleko himself.


Phumlani	You see, ladies and gentlemen...

Phumlani	... no-one can deny the contribution that Mister Moleko has made to this football club.

Phumlani	Who could forget that time when he scored the hat-trick against Wits in that Telkom Knock Out Cup?

Phumlani	But sometimes, memories can be deceptive, or even seductive, which is all the more reason why we should sometimes let memories be what they are. Just memories.	

Phumlani	For I must ask you, when did Mister Moleko do that recently?

Phumlani	If we are to challenge the way we think, or even the way we act... I mean, if we are to be called the Barcelona of Africa...

Phumlani	Then we must look forward and I would argue the same for Mr. Moleko.

Phumlani	So if he is prepared to be here, then I will allow it. If not...

Christopher	I was watching that.

Blaze	Yeah well I've heard enough.

Christopher	You know what you're doing right now, don't you? Burying your head in the sand.

Christopher	Don't shoot me for saying what you're thinking. Furthermore, what you should be thinking. 

Christopher	Blaze, listen to me, the kid has to go. You must know that. He's not in any of Phumlani's plans.

Blaze	But he's 4 months into a 3-year contract.

Christopher	And we both know that contracts aren't worth the paper they're printed on. There's always a buyer. Always.

Blaze	Yeah well this one better have deep pockets. I mean deep. How much do you think the Golden Boy is going to accept for the kid?

Christopher	Sponsor revenues are crazy right now. We need to speak to the big boys. I'll talk to Kaizer, you speak to Patrice, whet their appetites. 

Christopher	And one more thing... have a word with the old man. See where their evaluation of Herve is. Yeah?

Blaze	Let the chips fall where they may. Cool.

Christopher	Yeah.

Phumlani	We will rise from the Dead Sea...

Phumlani	... to Mount Sinai. To the promised land. And I urge you to join us in this exodus from mediocrity to greatness. I thank you.

Lesego	I hope I'm not signing my life away.

Doctor Da Silva	You already did that. Now you're claiming it back.

Doctor Da Silva	Is there any family member you'd like to send to us for a training session?

Lesego	Training session?

Doctor Da Silva	How to deal with a relapse. To make sure the home environment is suitable. Supervision. That sort of thing.

Lesego	No...

Doctor Da Silva	It's not because you're leaving today that things is over.

Lesego	There's no one.

Doctor Da Silva	In that case I'd suggest ongoing outpatient or home health care. But of course it does come with certain costs.

Lesego	Oh there's, there's no need, that's already taken care of.

Doctor Da Silva	Oh...

Lesego	Yeah the club, they think all of this is for them. They own me. They own my body. But they don't own my mind. All that shit I did it, I did it on my own.

Doctor Da Silva	Mm, naturally it pleases me to hear that coming from you, but--

Lesego	You don't know the half of it though. Actually, the, the truth is, I've been a cunt, excuse my Swahili. 

Lesego	I'm going to make things right. You gonna see, I'm gonna do it. You'll see.

Doctor Da Silva	You have nothing to prove to me, Mister Moleko.

Doctor Da Silva	Mister Moleko...

Doctor Da Silva	Your education booklet. Please read it.

Lesego	That's it?

Doctor Da Silva	That's it.

Lesego	You know there was a, there was a time I thought I couldn't do this. That it would never end.

Doctor Da Silva	At discharge I like to tell patients that their rehab is only just beginning.

Zoe	Just get hold of my husband because I need those suits before I leave.

Nick	Okay, I'll call him.

Zoe	Nicki...

Zoe	Just ask him if he's managed to balance the fridge?

Nick	Uh doubtful.

Zoe	Just remind me why I married that useless fuck?

Nick	Um your parents were afraid that you wouldn't find a man after you turned 

30.	

Zoe	Nicki. I want you to do some detective work...

Zoe	Find out what it's going to take to nab that kid Touré.

Nick	Isn't the ink still wet on the contract?

Zoe	Yeah but you know what those things are worth today.

Zoe	Nothing.

Nick	You say that but it'll cost us.

Zoe	Yes but you get what you pay for.

Nick	Okay. I'll contact Blaze then.

Zoe	No... you leave Magoba out of this one.

Nick	But how do I do it if I want to get in touch with--

Zoe	Nicki... you must please be creative, okay?

Monte	You look well. 

Blaze	You? How’s the job going? 

Monte	Ah, I drive and deliver papers.

Monte	It’s much better, beats being a security guard.

Blaze	Okay, glad to hear it.

Monte	So tell me, any news about those tickets? 

Blaze	What tickets? 

Monte	Godi didn’t tell you? 

Blaze	Uh uh.

Monte	I asked her.

Monte	She was going to organize tickets to the last home game. 

Blaze	Oh yeah yeah, the Kwamashu Devils, ne?

Monte	My cousin, Moleko is his hero. 

Monte	I was really hoping to get an autograph for him.

Monte	Why didn’t Godi say anything to you?

Blaze	She’s out of town right now, Monte. 

Blaze	But I’ll see what I can do. 

Monte	You’ll see what you can do?

Monte	You’ll see what you can do?

Blaze	Yeah.

Monte	Hey man. Remember when you needed my help at Pascal’s complex?

Monte	Well I need your help now. 

Blaze	Monte, everyone wants to see how the new team is going to play.

Blaze	It’s going to be sold out.

Monte	But, you’re Blaze, right, or am I wrong? 

Monte	If anyone can make it happen it’s you!

Blaze	One thing I can’t guarantee is whether Moleko plays or not. 

Monte	I’ll take my chances. 

Blaze	Okay. Okay.

Jade	Jade Singh.

Lesego	Jade. It's Lesego.

Jade	How are you?

Lesego	I'm good.

Jade	You sound different.

Lesego	Bullshit.

Jade	Honest. Something in your voice.

Lesego	Jade, they, they're discharging me. Do you think you could--

Jade	... pick you up?

Lesego	Yeah.

Jade	Can you hang tight for an hour?

Lesego	Yes, of-course. Thanks.

Jade	I just have to finish this piece.

Lesego	Hey Jade, how, how was that, that Phumlani show?

Jade	What did you expect, Lesego? 

Jade	Anyway, you probably should have left Marlboro years ago.

Lesego	So is he, is he actually shoving me out? I mean, did he, did he actually say that?	

Jade	Not in so many words, but...

Lesego	Well let's just see what the fans have to say about this.

Jade	Lesego--

Lesego	No let's just see, I mean who would the fans choose, between me and him?

Jade	Lesego!

Jade	You don't understand. Whatever his father did, Phumlani wants to do the opposite. 	

Jade	Just so everyone knows he's around. 

Jade	Even if every fan signed a petition to keep you, he would still want you out.

Lesego	This is about Blaze too as well, ne?

Jade	Who knows? The point is--

Lesego	Listen if, if Blaze asks anything... just tell him I'll be ready for that Arrows game and I'm back in training on Monday. 

Lesego	Okay?

Jade	Got it.

Blaze	Be careful Baba.

Blaze	You might get used to this.

Walter	Too late.

Walter	I’ve been in another part of the world...

Walter	... since lunch.

Blaze	I want to thank you Baba for seeing me at such short notice. 

Walter	Very funny.

Blaze	No I mean it. This isn’t your mess anymore Baba. 

Walter	Let me guess. 

Walter	You’re here about my son. 

Walter	Press conference?

Blaze	Yeah.

Walter	You know, I blame myself. 

Walter	When Phumlani was growing up as a young boy, he was shy. 

Walter	He even hated birthday parties. 

Walter	I should have gotten him out of his room more. 

Walter	Only God knows what he was up to all alone in there.

Blaze	I just want to know if I’m wasting my time. 

Blaze	It’s difficult for me as an agent because right now I’m not certain about the future of my players.	

Blaze	I’m not even sure about my own future anymore.

Walter	What do you want from me Blaze? 

Blaze	Baba you retired, you’re not dead.

Walter	Look at me. I have everything I need. 

Walter	But in the boardroom, I’m nothing. 

Blaze	But those are still your people. 

Walter	Not, not anymore.

Walter	Phumlani has his own people now.

Walter	Alright, alright, I’ll try to talk to him. 

Walter	See if I can corner him. 

Walter	But I can’t guarantee anything. 

Blaze	Of-course, of-course.

Walter	That’s another thing my son never learnt, to...

Walter	... compromise.

Walter	I blame his mother for that one. 

Olipha	You did well today Phumlani. 

Phumlani	I agree with you, everything went according to plan.

Olipha	When do you want me to perform that revenge ritual on your captain Moleko?	

Phumlani	His days are numbered here. 

Phumlani	But it’s not enough, Makhosi, it’s not enough.

Phumlani	I just feel as though...

Phumlani	... this guy is taking advantage.

Olipha	If you think he has humiliated you and this club in the past, and you have grievances with him...

Olipha	... the ancestors will grant you your wish. 

Phumlani	Hmm? Why must this club endure his bullshit? Hmm?

Phumlani	For the past three seasons...

Phumlani	... him and that self-righteous agent of his.

Olipha	I will need to throw the bones. 

Olipha	When do you want me to perform this spell? 

Phumlani	Next week Makhosi.

Phumlani	Last game of the season. 

Olipha	I will need one of his possessions. 

Phumlani	Don’t worry, I’ll get you something. 

Olipha	I will burn some incense tonight... 

Olipha	... and when we are ready... 

Olipha	... I will need an atlas bone to silence his screams.

Phumlani	Do what you must Makhosi. Do what you must.

Olipha	We give thanks. We give thanks.

Jade	Have to say. You look better than I'd expected.

Lesego	Hmm... but I still got a long way to go.

Jade	I mean it. You look, I don't know, serene. Peaceful even.

Lesego	I've, I've hurt a lot of people. I've hurt a lot of people Jade.

Lesego	Did you track down Blaze?

Lesego	Please try.

Jade	Come, it's only 15 minutes free parking.

Jade	Oh he's on his way home. You must need some groceries? We can stop on the way if you want?	
Lesego	We're not going to my place.

Jade	Where then?

Godi	I can extend my ticket. There's just... something about this guy.

Mila	He does say some weird ass shit, but I can handle Sean.

Godi	Well it's not just him, I don't trust any of the men on this production... to be honest, even the women. It's an island... you're on your own...

Mila	I'm fine... really.

Mila	It's just work. Nothing's gonna happen. It's all above board.

Godi	If anything happens...

Mila	If anything goes down, I promise I'll call you right away. Okay? I'm a big girl.

Godi	I've got you.

Mila	Ma Godi... I got this.

Jade	Blaze, just so you know... Lesego wanted--

Lesego	Blaze knows that this is my idea. It's just that he doesn't want to see me.

Lesego	The question is: will he believe me when I tell him that... I've changed?

Jade	Blaze, I dropped him off and picked him up from rehab. I've seen it myself.

Blaze	One week surviving rehab does not mean you've changed.

Lesego	That's the thing. You see I changed before I went in.

Lesego	Uh Jade...

Lesego	Can I, can I call you after?

Natalie	Ty.

Natalie	Howzit.

Natalie	What do you mean, I'm fine?

Natalie	Ag man.

Natalie	I mean you. Ag you know, work.

Natalie	Tyrone, please don't. Okay. Please.

Natalie	Besides, it's fine okay, I'm broke up, broke up with him. For real this time.

Natalie	Hello? Hello?

Natalie	Yes I'm sure.

Natalie	You know I can take care of myself.

Natalie	Okay. Bye.

Blaze	We're alone now. You can drop the bullshit.

Lesego	It's not bullshit, Blaze. It's the truth.Blaze	Do you have any idea how many times I've heard you say that to me over the years?	

Lesego	Okay, I get it's not an easy thing to believe.

Blaze	"It's not an easy thing to believe"?

Blaze	No Les, no. You, you don't get it. Let me get this right: so, you were totally wired, and you decide let me just, drive down to KZN.

Lesego	Uh-huh... yeah, yeah something in me just said... go to the ocean.

Blaze	You rolled your car, you wrote the damn thing off, not only just that, but by some divine miracle you survived that crash. 

Blaze	And then you call Jade? The first thing you do is, is you call Jade.

Lesego	Yeah.

Blaze	Why didn't you call me?

Lesego	Well because you don't live in KZN and I knew that you wouldn't care. Look, I don't blame you, because I've pushed you there.

Blaze	Hmm.

Lesego	Fine, okay, you don't believe me. I wouldn't believe myself, if I was you anyway. But this... this... this is... divine intervention.

Blaze	Jade? Divine intervention?

Lesego	Yes. Why not? I gave her the inside line so maybe she thought that she owed me?	

Blaze	Huh. Since when do angels keep tabs?

Lesego	I'm not the first player that she's helped clean up. She's a good person. You know more than anyone. And maybe she is an angel.

Phumlani	Hey Baba.

Phumlani	You know, you shouldn’t be reading under that light.

Phumlani	Might just make you go blind.

Walter	Huh? Please.

Walter	You know I have the eyes of an owl. A young man’s eyes.

Phumlani	So Baba... did you see the press conference?

Walter	How could I miss it?

Walter	Son, come sit down.

Phumlani	Ahhh Baba! I mean we’ve had this agreement already. Hmm? That I would have free reign as to how this club must be run.

Walter	Do you know what I did today? 

Phumlani	No. What?

Walter	After a few hours on the golf course... 

Walter	I took a long bath. 

Walter	After I was done, I had a massage.

Walter	My point is... 

Walter	... I have no desire to return to running the club.

Walter	I don’t want us to be stepping on each other’s toes.

Walter	What I’m trying to say, I would just like to think that sometimes...

Walter	... you might come to me for... 

Phumlani	Advice?

Walter	Advice.

Phumlani	But I mean, Baba, when I have I not ever come to you for advice?

Phumlani	When have I not ever wanted it?

Walter	There have been times... 

Phumlani	Then again Baba, I had good reason to then.

Walter	Not always.

Walter	Come sit down.

Phumlani	Baba just so you know though the decisions of this club may not be taken by you anymore...

Phumlani	... it doesn’t necessarily mean that they’ll be taken by me.

Phumlani	We must respect our ancestors, greatly.

Phumlani	Because they protect and provide for us.

Walter	So let me speak to you and the ancestors... 

Blaze	You say that you've changed. Well I haven't. And I know what I saw.

Lesego	What did you see?

Blaze	I saw back then what I see now. Someone who destroys lives. 

Blaze	A girl's innocence. A gifted player. And when you saw that I finally found someone that is right for me, you went and you fucked it up too, Les.

Lesego	Yeah but do you know how I know this time everything is different?

Blaze	Humour me Les.

Lesego	I don't crave the stuff I used to crave. I don't.

Blaze	One week! Look, you come back to me in six months. You tell me the same shit you telling me now and maybe Les, I might just believe you.

Lesego	Fuck it's, it's, it’s this business. This shitty business.

Lesego	When we first met...

Lesego	... you were positive. There was nothing in the whole fucking world that you couldn't do. 

Lesego	Blaze Magoba. And now... it's ruined you. It's all fucking negative... full of doom and gloom. 

Lesego	You don't trust anyone. You don't even like anything--

Blaze	That's because I've got blood on my hands!

Lesego	I've got blood too!

Blaze	You don't need to prove anything to me dude, okay.

Lesego	Then why are you so angry at me?

Lesego	It might be hard for you to believe, but you're my, you're my best friend. 

Lesego	Jesus, if I think about it, you're my only friend. And I've treated you like shit. But that's because I, I hated you always being right. 

Lesego	You were thinking, everyone thinking, that Blaze is always right. I don't know what I can say... I'm just trying to be straight with you man.

Blaze	You know what Les, out of all the things you've ever done-- losing Natalie, that was the worst thing man... that hurt the most.
Lesego	Okay then, then, then, then, let's get her back.

Blaze	You... you're gonna get her back for me, hmm?

Lesego	If it proves to you that this is true. Then yes. Let's get her back.

Lesego	What?

Lesego	Blaze? What are you doing?


Blaze	This is madness!

Blaze	The question is, what are we doing?

Lesego	We're here, we might as well speak to her.

Blaze	I don't know Les...

Blaze	I've just got uh, I got a bad feeling about this man.

Lesego	Man you always got a bad feeling about everything.

Blaze	Nat... Natalie does not need to hear anymore about the story, okay. She, she doesn't have to. 

Blaze	Look, I told her what happened, I told her everything and... it's complicated, alright.	

Blaze	I don't even think you're the main reason she why doesn't wanna be with me anymore.

Lesego	What else could it be?

Blaze	I don’t know. Other factors that don't concern you.

Lesego	Well there is something she doesn't know yet.

Blaze	What?

Lesego	That none of it was your fault. Not even the accident. I made you do it.

Blaze	That's it? That's your grand fucking plan to help me get Natalie back? Look, she knows this, alright. All of it. I've told her bra.

Lesego	Maybe, but she hasn't heard it come from me yet?

Blaze	Fuck! Lesego!

Walter	You know son, I know you’re trying to... 

Walter	... make a strong first impression. 

Walter	But all I’m saying is don’t push it too far. 

Phumlani	Baba first impressions last the longest. Evans Dube and I quote.

Walter	No, I don’t remember your grandfather ever saying that. 

Phumlani	Or maybe I read it somewhere Baba. 

Phumlani	Point is, Blaze and his clients... 

Phumlani	... they cannot be trusted. They are just not part of my plans anymore. End of story.	

Walter	Can’t be trusted? 

Walter	Okay then tell me, who scouted the Toure kid, brought him here from Abidjan? Huh?

Walter	Who diffused the situation and stuck around after that Yasbek ‘smokedown’ you pulled?

Walter	He could have gone to the cops. 

Phumlani	Alright fine Baba, fine. Hmm. 

Phumlani	So if you think he’s a nice guy...

Phumlani	... then why don’t you go ahead and give him a golden star. Hmm?

Phumlani	Blaze cannot even control his players. I mean, I had to stand there on the podium, talking about ama-family issues. Hm?

Phumlani	What a load of horse shit is that.

Phumlani	And then now there’s this new African kid on the block, hm? It’s like he’s the new Coutinho.

Phumlani	That very boy is the same person who is going to bring more trouble than 


Moleko.

Phumlani	You mark my words Baba, these are bad eggs...

Phumlani	And guess what, it is now Phumlani’s omelette.

Blaze	Hey. 

Blaze	Look Nat I, I, I--

Natalie	Seriously? With him?

Lesego	Natalie I know I'm the last person in the world that you want to see, but there's something I want to tell you. Please.

Lesego	I've, I’ve had some life-changing things, you know, things that happened to me that... just made me see stuff crystal clear for the first time.

Lesego	I saw death... I uh, I looked him, in the, in the face... but then something else happened...

Lesego	I wasn't taken. I, I made, I made it out alive. Been given one more chance to, to make things right... to seek forgiveness.

Natalie	Are you guys for real?

Lesego	I, I want to tell you, personally, genuinely that I, I'm sorry... for everything.

Lesego	I was, I was putting toxic substances into my body. I, I hated who I was.

Lesego	I disrespected your relationship.

Natalie	Whether or not you mean this, Blaze and I had issues that had nothing to do with you.

Natalie	But you did feature highly.

Lesego	But wait Natalie, there's, there's, there's one other thing... 

Lesego	... it's, its, it's that one night, six years ago... 

Lesego	... the girl, Natalie. The kid we hit together...  Blaze, maybe Blaze was driving, but I... 

Lesego	... I'm the one who that made him lose control of the car.

Natalie	It's not about that night.

Lesego	Oh.

Natalie	You haven't even told him, have you?

Lesego	Told me, told me what?

Natalie	That he fucked Bay Crystal, while we were still together.

Lesego	Bro?

Natalie	Huuh.

Lesego	You guys are a good thing. Okay. You guys, come on, please, don't, don’t let this be the last thing that I destroy. 

Lesego	Okay. 

Lesego	Uhh okay. I'm gonna let myself out.

Blaze	He wanted to come clean, alright. Came by to my place and did the same.

Natalie	Please. This is just to make him feel better. It's always been about him.

Blaze	At first that's what I thought. I mean, it's Lesego right? Same old Lesego. Something's changed in him. It's different.

Natalie	I know this is gonna be really difficult for you to understand, but I'm fine. I'm better without you. 

Natalie	Okay just... all that unnecessary baggage. 

Natalie	I'm not a wound that a man needs to heal. 
Natalie	And I don't care which Lesego is roaming around this earth because I don't care to know any of them.

Blaze	I'm not saying any of this to win you back, okay... I'm telling you this because it's how I feel.

Blaze	I mean Nat, I love you.

Natalie	What do you want from me? What do you want from me?

Blaze	A second chance.

Blaze	Look, I, I don't care if you don't believe Lesego right. Look, this is me now. Nat.

Blaze	I wouldn't have dreamt of doing any of the things that I did, if I thought that we still had a shot.

Natalie	Back then you still had a shot...

Natalie	You see, that's just the thing, that you haven't been able to figure out... okay I'm not on some sort of moral crusade here. You're, you're right. We all fuck up. 

Natalie	The difference between me and you is... I I own that shit. I take responsibility for my actions. But you...

Natalie	Your whole world... it's dirty, Blaze. It's fucking filthy. 

Natalie	You sell people, you sell bodies, you use them like they're animals, their lungs, their legs. 

Natalie	You come in here with your, your clean-living friend, and you telling me that he's a shiny new model, but all the damage that he has done to his body, it is still inside of him. 

Natalie	That's just the thing with you people, everything is in the shadows.

Blaze	But you know me... Natalie? That's not who I am.

Natalie	I never go back.

Blaze	Natalie, sometimes you need to go back in order to go forward.

Natalie	This isn't one of those times Blaze.

Blaze	So this is it?

Natalie	No. It's not it. Not by a long way. It's just beginning. My investigation.

Blaze	Investigation?

Natalie	Mmm. An investigation into alleged rape and culpable homicide. Prime suspects: Blaze Slindile Magoba and Lesego Moleko.

Blaze	Nat--

Natalie	It's what I've been sworn to do.

Blaze	I trusted you Natalie!

Natalie	As a suspect in an investigation I suggest that you keep your distance.

Blaze	Nat-- This is me.

Natalie	Goodbye Blaze.
