Voice Over	Previously on Agent

Natalie	You left these behind.

Blaze	Of course my house keys.

Christopher	Number one, you will keep Lesego as a client. 

Lesego	Just making sure you picking up Nina, she lands in ten. Do not let her come to the team hotel, yeah?

Blaze	I've got three deals in the mix on deadline day and I'm out here baby-sitting your fucking girlfriend.

Lesego	How long have the two of you been alone in this room?

Christopher	Number two, you will keep Vuyo as a client.

Zoe	Then I’m gonna keep Vuyo.

Zoe	But Blaze just sort out his love life.
	
Christopher	And Number three, you will close the fucking deal with Herve.

Blaze	I will close him.

Jean-Pierre	Jean-Pierre Yasbeck.

Jean-Pierre	I’m the biggest agent in town.

Lesego	Key to room 433.

Blaze	What’s in room 433?

Lesego	It’s kinda like 'hide and seek'.

Natalie	I thought you’d be one of those guys who doesn’t know his left foot from his right.

Blaze	And I thought you’d be one of those girls that don’t know the song or the period. Not to mention the moves that go with it.

Natalie	What’s your name?

Blaze	Blaze.

Natalie	Uh what kind of a name is that?

Blaze	It’s an adopted one.

Natalie	Well what’s your real name?

Blaze	Slindile.

Natalie	I prefer it.

Blaze	And you are… Nadia?

Natalie	No but close, keep trying though. Listen Slindile... 

Blaze	Slindile.

Natalie	... I don’t really do relationships.

Blaze	Angela, if I was in a relationship I wouldn't know what to do with it myself.

Natalie	You know boyfriends will just let you down and, oh, plus there's my over-protective older brother and he never approves of anyone anyway so...

Blaze	Which is why I don’t have a boyfriend.

Blaze	And which is why Naomi, your brothers have nothing to worry about.

Natalie	It's like you're there, but you're a thousand miles away at the same time.

Natalie	Let’s just go wherever the night takes us.

Blaze	I’m already on that train.

Natalie	And we should keep drinking, we shoul….we should, we should definitely keep drinking.

Blaze	Charlize!

Natalie	What’s my name?

Blaze	Natalie.

Natalie	What?

Blaze	I didn’t say anything.

Natalie	Yeah but you got that look on your face most guys get when I tell them. It's either they're thinking 'have I committed any crimes lately' or 'can I get to fuck her in a uniform’.

Natalie	So which is it?

Blaze	Both.

Natalie	Well forget the uniform, I'm a detective.

Natalie	Not now but usually.

Blaze	What does that mean?

Blaze	What?

Natalie	I took a life... the wrong one.

Natalie	A hostage situation that turned into a major Charlie Foxtrot and that's why I'm currently on suspension... and bringing strange men home.

Blaze	Are you serious?

Natalie	Do I look like I’m joking?

Blaze	No, it’s just, it’s…

Natalie	I get it, it's okay... you don't know me. I just, I just wanted to tell you... I just wanted to tell someone I guess.

Natalie	You said you were thinking both when I told you that I was a cop. What crime have you committed lately?

Blaze	So you called him?

Natalie	What?

Blaze	If you wanted him to leave you alone why the fuck would you call him?

Natalie	I don't know. You acted like you didn't care earlier.

Blaze	So did you?

Natalie	I didn't, but then I did. I don't know, maybe I just wanted to get back at you.

Blaze	So now that you're sober, is he still funny? I mean he must be, you're, you’re, you’re still here right?

Natalie	A version of me is here. 

Natalie	You know what I'm dealing with.

Natalie	You know that I'm using every single excuse not to be alone in a room, thinking too much. 

Natalie	It was a mistake, okay. A stupid mistake. Seem to be making a lot of those lately.

Blaze	So did you two…

Natalie	No. No.

Blaze	Not even close?

Natalie	Not even close.

Blaze	Good. Good. 

Blaze	Keep it that way at least until I take you out for coffee or supper.

Natalie	Relax.

Natalie	Maybe you’ll remember me this time.

Blaze	I never forgot your name.

Blaze	Chris, it has to be quick I'm rushing to Zoe.

Christopher	I am the most important call you are ever going to receive motherfucker. So, what's the story bruv?

Blaze	What do you mean?

Christopher	Godi said the same thing, the same way, when I buzzed her.

Blaze	I thought you were in a conference call with London?

Christopher	I was... I excused myself. I'm not calling to find out which one of you burnt the carpet. What happened?

Blaze	It's, it's, it's my fault okay, I'm handling it. I’m handling it. JP took Herve.

Christopher	Took?

Blaze	He played Godi. He told her that you were looking for her and she went upstairs, by the time she got back, the kid was already gone.

Christopher	Jesus H Christ, Blaze.

Blaze	I know, I know, I know. Look Godi's a sweetheart okay, she respects you far too much. She heard your name and she came running.

Christopher	I'm touched. How do we fix this cluster fuck? You've got nine hours son, then it's all up for grabs.

Blaze	Five minutes is a life time in football, what's nine hours?

Christopher	Don't embarrass me. I don't want to have to send you in line to pick up UIF cheques, or worse, let Zoe get her claws into you.

Blaze	Can you just relax okay. Relax.

Blaze	And there's something else.

Christopher	When isn't there? What is it?

Blaze	It's Les. He's really out of control this time.

Blaze	He had me baby sit Nina just so he could get busy with a girl that I was with.

Christopher	We discussed this.

Blaze	That was before I knew that I was with this girl.

Christopher	Who cares, unless you caught feelings?

Blaze	It's about the principle okay, that's the problem this cannot be my norm. I need to drop him from the roster.

Christopher	Your one man roster?

Blaze	I'm serious okay. All that talk earlier, all that bullshit about there being no line, there is a line and Les has crossed it far too many times.

Christopher	You are six years and one night gone wrong too late, you... you me and that wanker are married for life.

Blaze	Let's have a sit down later tonight okay, just the three of us, when all is said and done, we need to talk.

Christopher	Whatever.

Christopher	Prick!

Blaze	Jade?

Jade	Did you hear about your golden boy?

Blaze	Talk to me.

Jade	Jean-Pierre's been pimping him to a few legends and execs in Soccer City.

Blaze	Are you sure?

Jade	Don't hurt my feelings. I heard from a contact. He introduced Herve to some football VIPs.

Blaze	Herve's hat size must've doubled in no time.

Jade	Uh huh. Apparently Jean-Pierre was playing Mr. Congeniality.

Blaze	JP might be a sleaze-ball but he's a master when it comes to seduction, okay? Aaight.	

Victor	What are you doing now?

Mila	Shhh... 

Mila	I'm working on both your aura and your chakras.

Victor	Hmm. Chakras.

Mila	Like we did earlier. First I started with your crown chakra, then your third eye, then your heart, then into your solar plexus, then down into your root chakra just above your hips.

Victor	You know if it doesn't work, the deal is off.

Mila	Victor please. Victor, healing isn't just physical, it's mental, it’s emotional, spiritual and metaphysical too. So please, focus.

Victor	Yeah I'm focussing, I'm focussing.

Mila	Good. 

Mila	Now focus on oneness, connecting with the universe, connecting with your body.	

Victor	Your hands feel warm.

Mila	I'm not actually touching you. I'm transferring energy through myself into you.

Mila	If people were to understand their bodies a bit better, they wouldn't be so reliant on pharmaceuticals.

Victor	Trust me, I've tried every single one of those pharmaceuticals.

Mila	Okay, let's be quiet now.

Victor	<breathes out>

Mila	We’re done.

Victor	Hmmm?

Mila	I've sealed the healing. We're done.

Victor	That’s it?

Victor	What the fuck have you done? 

Victor	It's perfect. I can't believe it, haaa, you've cured me. Woooo. 

Mila	Slow down.

Victor	It's like it's never been there before. I used to think all this stuff was just absolute bullshit, but hey. Huh? Huh?

Mila	Woah, slow down.

Victor	I don't know how I'm ever going to thank you.

Mila	Well, you can start by picking up that phone and making that call. So maybe avoid the somersaults, just a little bit.

Victor	Nadia...ja  put me through to the Baresi Brothers.

Blaze	Zoe, I’m there.

Zoe	If you were here, we wouldn't be talking on the phone Blaze. You're 47 minutes late.

Blaze	Traffic.

Zoe	Original. You got ten minutes and then we're moving on without you.

Blaze	Jennifer Lawrence or is it Emma Stone?

Mila	Don’t.

Blaze	But you do know you could murder both of them on screen, right?

Mila	Whatever.

Blaze	So how'd it go? Any luck?

Mila	I did it?

Blaze	And?

Mila	And it worked. Are you happy now?

Blaze	You do know I love you, right?

Mila	Yeah yeah, can we please speak about my career now?

Blaze	Yes we can, just not right now babycakes, I'm late for my next meeting.

Mila	And you love me?

Blaze	I do.

Mila	We’ll see.

Blaze	Look a promise is a promise okay...  Babycakes?

Mila	Okay bye Blaze.

Blaze	Alright bye.

Mila	Bye Felicia.

Blaze	Leon... my man... the last time we spoke you were in the 18 yard area. Did you close on that deal?

Leon	Well would you look at that, it fell through before pen was being put to paper.

Blaze	Ah man bummer, I'm sorry to hear that man.

Antonio	Uhh, why don't you take your condolences and shove them straight up--

Blaze	Yeah yeah, I know exactly where to put them Antonio.

Blaze	So look the good news is Pascal's up for grabs okay, I need you to get on the phone right now with Zoe and make her an offer.

Blaze	Listen, I've got it on good report that she's willig to take four hundred up front... and then the other two hundred in add-ons... and the kid's all yours.

Leon	How much time do we have?

Blaze	Fifteen minutes the whistle blows brother.

Pascal	You know I just wanna put on a jersey long enough to feel comfortable in it, hmm?

Pascal	I want to get on the field and feel like man, in fact, I'm home.

Pascal	I deserve that and I think I earned that.

Jean-Pierre	You see what you're doing to him?

Zoe	Right.

Jean-Pierre	I don't... I don't get this.  You gave him a deadline. This is negotiating.

Zoe	You're going to sit in my office and school me about making a deal like this is my first time?

Jean-Pierre	I'm not questioning your professionalism, I'm questioning his professionalism, okay. The way I see it Blaze had a... you know his five minutes in a career and he fucked it up and it's a sad story, that’s the, you know, it's the story.

Jean-Pierre	The offer I got for Vuyo from the Thembisa Tigers is a good offer.

Jean-Pierre	It's a good offer.

Jean-Pierre	Come on take it, take the offer, It's a good God damn deal.

Jean-Pierre	Let's finish this.

Zoe	Right, let's hash out the details.

Jean-Pierre	Yeah it's all standard.

Blaze	So you know those days when you debating whether to go straight on the highway or to go around it?

Blaze	I took a gamble on the N1 and lost.

Blaze	This truck just jack knifed on the freeway and it was bumper to bumper until the next off ramp.

Zoe	Late is late. We've gone ahead.

Jean-Pierre	Yes we have.

Blaze	You, you could do that... but then you'd be sacrificing a lot of what you’ve earned in a lot of circles.

Zoe	What are you talking about?

Blaze	The word on the street would be that Zoe Zante is the type of owner who leaves money on the table.

Zoe	Blaze for someone who's on the clock, you got a lot of preambles here.

Blaze	There's an offer... for Pascal.

Blaze	Berea FC, 400k. No allotment of payments, everything up front.

Zoe	Wow. You come up with that all by yourself when you were stuck behind the truck?

Jean-Pierre	Look at him. I mean look at him come on. Coming in here all sweaty, stinking of desperation…

Jean-Pierre	…do you know what he's doing? Do you know what he's doing? He's clinging to his last two clients. It's pathetic, that's what it is, it's pathetic.

Blaze	What have you been doing apart from throwing me under the bus?

Blaze	Let's see what figures you pull up French fry?

Jean-Pierre	I have this one.

Zoe	Nicko!

Zoe	Check the fax.

Blaze	Zoe come on, are we doing this deal in 1986?

Zoe	No fax, no deal.

Zoe	And just out of curiosity Blaze, this deal of yours…

Jean-Pierre	This fictitious deal.

Zoe	This deal of yours... how's it going to affect this Pascal, Kim and Vuyo Sunday paper story, hmm?

Zoe	So why don't we put a price tag on Vuyo and we put him on the market?

Jean-Pierre	Actually I've done that already.

Blaze	Come on. Stop reading the back page of the Sunday news JP. Vuyo and Kim are sorted, alright.

Blaze	Pascal, he's focussed on the future? 

Blaze	Ask him yourself.

Zoe	Where's your client anyway to back all this up?

Nick	No fax madam.

Zoe	Thank you Nickolaki. What do we say around here when there is no fax?

Nick	No deal.

Zoe	You actually had me moderately convinced but I cannot sit here Blaze and play fantasy football with you, because what Jean-Pierre has might not be ideal, but it's real.

Zoe	Vuyo's new home is in Thembisa with the Tigers.

Blaze	Look Zoe, you're making a big mistake here alright.

Blaze	You know me. You know my word is good and it's always been that way.

Blaze	Just... just give it a few more minutes, okay.

Zoe	A few more minutes? Blaze after you were an hour late, I don't think so. I’m sorry.

Blaze	Just, just... check, check the fax one last time, alright? I will not ask you again.

Jean-Pierre	What are you still doing here man, it's ridiculous?

Vuyo	Did we miss the party?

Zoe	This is a football club, not the fucking country club so no there is no fashionably late.

Blaze	Zoe... look, they're together. Just look.

Zoe	Holding hands and everything.

Zoe	Was that you?

Blaze	I was the Best Man at their wedding you know.

Zoe	Blaze your deal is still a myth.

Jean-Pierre	Yes so if you would like to put your initials at the bottom of this page it will be very helpful.

Zoe	It's over.

Nick	Excuse me madam.

Nick	From Berea F.C.

Blaze	Happy?

Zoe	With the transfer... relatively. With you, not so much.

Blaze	But I make it happen for you.

Zoe	On occasion.

Blaze	You just don't like what you can't own.

Zoe	What I don't like is not having the smartest person in the room on my side.

Zoe	Have you given any more thought to joining my little family here?

Blaze	I thought about it, yeah. Hell I even entertained it, but you know that I cannot leave Christopher.

Zoe	Please explain to me this, this 'Chris or die' attitude that you have?

Blaze	You know the terms of my agreement, okay.

Zoe	I know. It might be enough to just get you over the line this time. But what about tomorrow? Hmm? What about the day after that?

Blaze	You just can't just respect my decisions can you?

Zoe	Oh yes I can, if you can honestly tell me that you're happy with your place in the world right now.

Zoe	Blaze, do you know what I see? I see a man with ghosts, so your past and whatever Christopher has to do with it, it's gonna close the window on your chance to be brilliant in this business

Blaze	I appreciate your endorsement. You and I, we work well together. We have ongoing Vuyo business

Zoe	Uh huh yeah and I've got some calls to make so be a dear and give Christopher my best won't you?

Pascal	How about the women in Durban?

Blaze	They're going to love you stud.

Pascal	I'm sure they gonna do.

Blaze	But look, women are one thing, a man can always handle that, as long as if he keeps two types of plastics, close by and never hands them over.

Blaze	One, credit cards, two condoms. The wrong woman will poke a hole in one and leave you in a hole with the other.

Pascal	Okay.

Blaze	No more putting that shit up your nose.

Pascal	Yeah, okay.

Blaze	Look I mean it. That was the deal, alright.

Blaze	You can't handle that shit. It will win every time. Besides, I'm not interested in representing another cautionary tale.

Pascal	Okay, got it.

Blaze	Welcome to Ace Management.

Blaze	Mr. Dube. How are you Sir?

Walter	You really want to know or do you want the usual, polite 'fine, thank you'?

Blaze	I always like that we don't dance around each other.

Walter	You're right. Honesty is a rare commodity in this business.

Blaze	Back of the net Baba.

Walter	Well, the game is giving me nothing but stomach ulcers and grey hairs these days. 

Blaze 	Well it's for the love of the game.

Walter	Hah, that's for the fans. Seems all I do is the politics now.

Blaze	Well, I hate to give you more stomach problems Baba, but that's why I'm calling.

Walter	Talk to me.

Blaze	It's about Phumlani.

Walter	What's the boy done now?

Blaze	It's not what he did right now, it's about what he's about to do without your blessing.	

Blaze	He's in talks with Jean-Pierre over my kid, Herve.

Blaze	Bab Du?

Walter	I'm here. Are you sure?

Blaze	Without question…

Blaze	Everybody knows that he's next in line. 

Blaze	It's more about self-preservation than any disrespect toward you, sir.

Walter	You're sure about this?

Blaze	I would never think of calling if I wasn't.

Walter	Damn him.

Blaze	I think we have to meet earlier Baba.

Walter	How?

Walter	I've got to show face at a charity event. They’ve got me making a speech.

Walter	All wise old men are good for these days, it looks like.

Blaze	I'll come to you.

Walter	If you want.

Blaze	Alright, thanks Bab Du.

Blaze	Hey Missus G. Where are you?

Godi	I'm still at the office, going through Pascal's paperwork before the deadline. Well played by the way.

Blaze	Is that a bit of faith that I hear?

Godi	Yeah except I'm the one who's going to get the axe from Chris.

Blaze	About that, what's the status quo on Herve?

Godi	Jade called about two minutes ago and said he and Jean-Pierre rocked up at Marlboro Stadium.

Blaze	Phumlani?

Godi	About fifteen minutes before that.

Blaze	That's a major Charlie Foxtrot!

Godi	Yeah tell me about it. Where are you?

Blaze	I'm on my way to squash all this.

Godi	Have you got time?

Blaze	I did play speed chess at school.

Godi	Well you better hope Jean-Pierre didn't, because he's making his move now.

Blaze	Alright alright Missus G.

Juliette	Are you on the list?

Blaze 	Yeah sure.

Juliette	Name?

Blaze	Slindile, or it could be under Blaze.

Phumlani	My man, Jean-Pierre.

Jean-Pierre	Phumlani. Meet the future of the game…

Phumlani	Ah but of course.

Phumlani	Mr. Herve Toure

Herve	Hello.

Phumlani	Pleasure to have you with us. I'm already a fan.

Herve	Oh, I haven't done anything yet.

Phumlani	But you're about to. With all these legends surrounding you.

Herve	I am.

Phumlani	Gentlemen, please... have a seat.

Phumlani	You Mister Toure are about to sign your first autograph for me.

Phumlani	Please, your name on the dotted line.

Blaze	What’s up?

Phumlani	If you sign with Marlboro, I will put some serious, serious money into your pocket.	

Jean-Pierre 	And I promise that I will not sleep until you are on the next version of FIFA.

Phumlani	He likes it.

Jean-Pierre	Yes he does.

Phumlani	Let's see if he likes this?

Jean-Pierre	Ta da. 

Jean-Pierre	It's the bonus we talked about.

Phumlani	Mister Toure. Shall we use that pen?

Herve	Can I eat first? I'm hungry.

Jean	Sure. Go ahead.

Jackie	Thanks Jules.

Juliette	No problem Jacks.

Jackie	What the fuck? He's got people to see.

Blaze	I need to take him back to Marlboro. It's urgent.

Jackie	Are you fucking kidding me right now?

Blaze	Do you know what day it is today?

Jackie	Yes I do but what do you expect me to tell all those people?

Blaze	You'll think of something. You always do.

Walter	Thanks Jacks.

Jackie	No problem.

Blaze	Love you Jacks.

Jackie	Yeah yeah whatever.

Jean-Pierre	Listen kid, I know it's a major step, I know it... but look around you.

Jean-Pierre	Look at all these men, all these, all these great men.

Jean-Pierre	Well they were all once kids sitting right where you're sitting.

Jean-Pierre	You think they became what they are by being afraid of a piece of paper?

Jean-Pierre	Please tell him because I'm…

Phumlani	This is you first step to greatness.

Herve	Did all... all those men sign here alone?

Phumlani	What?

Herve	I mean they had agents, mana-- managers or whatever, yes?

Jean-Pierre	I'm your agent boy, okay.

Herve	But he's your friend.

Jean-Pierre	So?

Phumlani	This has got nothing to do with friendship, as a matter-of-fact it's got everything to do with bus

Herve	Yeah I know everyone here talk about business. But Blaze knows I'm not a businessman. I mean I just play.	

Phumlani	He is not your friend.

Herve	He feels like one.

Jean-Pierre	Okay. Do you know how many players, how many marquee players I have on my books?	

Jean-Pierre	You don't know?

Jean-Pierre	Enough to get my fifth house in Clifton, okay.

Jean-Pierre	The real question is what am I doing here with you?

Jean-Pierre	You want to know

Jean-Pierre	I believe. I believe in you.

Jean-Pierre	All the other players are just salary.

Jean-Pierre	But you... you could be my legacy.

Jean-Pierre	Man if you want friends, go to Facebook. 

Jean-Pierre	If you want a guru, well that's me, okay.

Jean-Pierre 	I... I make it rain for you.

Herve	I should read the contract though. I mean, it's safe you know.

Phumlani	Mister Toure, it's standard league Ts and Cs.

Jean-Pierre	Yeah it’s...  it's nothing fancy really. Come on.

Herve	But still

Jean-Pierre	Come on.

Blaze	Bab Walter, I might not be a comrade here, but we go back far enough, not so? 

Walter 	Uh huh.

Blaze	I deserve some consideration here.

Walter 	Right.

Blaze	Your son.

Walter	What did he do?

Blaze	Kidnapping a client I spent months, months negotiating with.

Blaze	The stamps on my passport to Ivory Coast, I’m practically a citizen now. 

Walter	What's right is right, but what can I do at this point?

Blaze	We leave now, we can catch them maybe.

Walter	Okay, but if your kid signs, owner or not...

Walter 	Where is that old car of yours? 

Blaze	Didn't you always tell me cars aren't investments?

Blaze	The value drops as soon as you drive out the garage. 

Blaze	So it's vintage. 1970's.

Walter	My luck. The wrong son listens to me.

Blaze	The problem is Phumlani thinks Jean-Pierre’s his main ally. 

Blaze	And no offence, but he knows you’re not going to live forever.

Walter 	What?

Blaze	He’s already rearranging the furniture in your office.

Blaze	He doesn’t think he has to answer to you.

Walter	You know what...

Walter	... don’t sell me. I’ll say my piece when I see proof of this nonsense.

Godi	Herve?

Herve 	Godi. I think, I think I make a big... a big mess.

Godi	Don't tell me you signed anything. Please God.

Herve	No, but they want me to. I mean I want Blaze.

Godi	Yeah then you shouldn't have run off with Jean-Pierre.

Herve	I know, I know... but these guys are acting like those dealers in the black market in... back in....back home.

Godi	Don't worry, we’re gonna get you out of there.

Herve	Okay but when?

Godi	Now, now. Just stall okay.

Herve	Okay. Please. They not happy. Make fast, fast.

Godi	Yeah yeah, okay okay.

Walter	They work their jobs, five days a week always looking forward to that Saturday...	

Walter	… when they can sit back with a beer and pray for their team to score on TV.

Walter	For ninety minutes they get to forget how crap their lives are.

Blaze	Something bigger than themselves.

Walter	Ah weh. I'm proud of having a hand in that.

Walter	But they don't know the filthy things that can go on to make it happen.

Blaze	Behind the scenes.

Walter	Yeah. Where's your car?

Phumlani	Ah, are we good Mister Toure?

Herve	Uh yes, fine.

Jean-Pierre	Put down your mark.

Herve	I can’t.

Phumlani	What?

Herve	I'm going to stay with Blaze. Going to do the deal with him.

Phumlani	Ahhhhh. You amaze me.

Phumlani	There is no God-damn deal with Blaze! Hey. Look at me. Look at me.

Phumlani	The average career of a footballer is about 15 years, God willingly, they stay healthy.	

Phumlani	But say the Almighty looks the other way for just a second... hmm...  and the sound of a gun going off happens.

Phumlani	What do you do then Herve? What do you do then?

Phumlani	What the fuck do you do then? Hmm? Go back to the coast and work for food? Or whatever the fuck it is that you people do.

Phumlani	Quite frankly, I don't care. I wanna know what do you do then? Answer me! Is that what you want? Is that what you want?

Herve	No. 

Phumlani	Wonderful. Wonderful. Then we understand each other gentlemen?

Phumlani	You will sign this contract. In ink or blood... you will sign it.

Blaze	If we hurry we can...

Phumlani	Sign the fucking contract or I swear on my life I will fucking shoot your kneecaps off boy!

Blaze	Bab Walt, Bab Walt. Alright Baba?

Walter	Ja. I'm old. I just need to get my second wind.

Blaze	Oh okay.

Walter	What the hell is this?

Blaze	Un-fucking-believable yeah?

Walter	I'm not seeing that.

Phumlani	Baba it's not even loaded dad.

Walter	Have you lost your mind boy?

Phumlani	I was just doing business... for the club. 

Walter	Not like this.

Phumlani	We said we were going to sign him to the team.

Phumlani	I’m just taking initiative. As a matter-of-fact all I was doing was just giving him an incentive, that's all.

Walter	The deal happens through Slindile.

Phumlani	What?

Jean-Pierre	How about the player decides?

Walter	Up to the player, when you've got a gun pointed at his knee?

Blaze	Baba, it’s okay. If that’s what they want. We’ll let Herve decide.

Herve	I'm... I'm with Blaze.

Blaze	Are you satisfied or do you want that in French you fuck?

Jean-Pierre	Look at him. He doesn't know what the fuck he wants.

Walter	Are you sure?

Herve	Blaze knows the game. This guy pretends to. It's like talking about soccer with my sister.

Blaze	You stay the fuck away from my players.

Walter	You both can get the fuck out of here. I'll take over from here.

Jean-Pierre	With pleasure. Come on. Come on, let's fuck off.

Blaze	You okay?

Blaze	Are you sure?

Herve	Yeah.

Jade	Yeah. Mmm. You sound like death.

Blaze	And I feel like it too. So what's the final verdict today?

Jade	Klopp didn't sign anyone, if that's what you're asking? But we did send Markovic out on loan to Hull City.

Blaze	Ah. I remember him. A deluded Brendan Rodgers signing from Benfica for 20 million. That's 20 bar!

Jade	Well sometimes they work, sometimes they don't.

Blaze	Yeah enough with the complacency now.

Jade	Mmm, are we still talking about the Reds?

Blaze	Yeah listen J, thank you... for everything today.

Jade	Things got ugly, huh?


Blaze	Yeah well, you know how the game goes. Sometimes the wins aren't always pretty, but I'll take it.

Jade	Spoke to Godi, things came right.

Blaze	And I wouldn't have done it without you, you know that right?

Jade	And I wouldn't be part of the tribe if it wasn't for you.

Blaze	In Klopp we trust. Speak to you tomorrow J.

Godi	So? Do the lights stay on?

Blaze	Young Herve Toure to Marlboro United is a done deal thanks to Walter.

Godi	You did it!

Blaze	No we did it. And not just that. We now have three new clients.

Godi	Uh two? Pascal and Herve?

Blaze	Three.

Blaze	And Mila Dior.

Godi	Come again?

Blaze	We're diversifying. We now rep actors too.

Godi	Oh really.

Blaze	Yes really. Now the question is, are you still leaving me?

Godi	Oh I was never leaving you. You just needed a push.

Lesego	The thing is I pay him big money to have my back, you see.

Blaze	And I'm your agent not your pimp.

Lesego	Huh? Is there a difference? I mean where is this self-righteousness coming from?	

Blaze	Les you know it's not like that.

Lesego	Ah why? Because I just want something that resembles a life off the pitch?

Blaze	No. Because you want one at my expense.

Lesego	Nigger come on, please man. This is the game dog. Where your balls at, player?	

Blaze	It takes a special kind of arsehole to ask me to babysit his honey while he's out there trying to get one of mine. One that I met yesterday by the way.

Lesego	Exactly she's some random ass, not your wife.

Blaze	Yeah but you don't get to tell me how I feel.

Lesego	Yeah but for ten percent of everything that I fucking make, I get to tell you what to do.

Blaze	Oh so you gonna play that card. It's all about the money right?

Blaze	You know what bruv, I'd rather starve than rep you.

Blaze	You're a fucking criminal.

Christopher	Hold on.

Lesego	What the fuck did you say?

Blaze	You heard me.

Lesego	Blaze you forget hey? 

Blaze	I’m nothing like you.

Lesego 	Just because blood was washed off doesn't mean it's gone.


Blaze	I'm nothing like you. I'm nothing like you.

Lesego	What you want a piece of me? What?

Christopher	Blaze, you back. Lesego you shut the fuck up.

Lesego	We're cool... not. We're cool.

Christopher	You kids really wanna go... we can, but I swear to God you will not like it.

Christopher	Now we don't like each other but we damn well have to get on. No one escapes what happened, yeah? No one.

Blaze	Can't we just go our separate ways here?

Christopher	Yeah and what do you think will come of it when things get fucked up enough for one of you to start speaking? Hmmm?

Christopher	Shut up! Just keep it tidy. You want something, ask Godi. No more bullshit assignments.

Christopher	And enough with the fucking mind games. You stay in your lane from now on yeah?

Lesego	Aye aye captain.

Christopher	Blaze?

Blaze	I’m cool.

Lesego	Are we done here?

Christopher	Yeah we done.

Lesego	Fuck!

Blaze	Hello? Yes who's talking?

Monte 	It’s me Monte. Security at Pascal's complex. You don't remember? I let you in.

Blaze	Monte my man. It's late man.

Monte 	I'm checking about the job.

Blaze	I’m putting your name out there, just give me a few days.

Monte 	I’ll call you tomorrow.

Blaze	Okay.

Monte 	Listen Blaze, you remember our deal, right?

Blaze	Okay Monte, sharp. Bye.

Monte 	Okay sharp.
 
