
DISCLAIMER	The people, characters, companies and clubs in this Series are purely fictional. Any resemblance to any person, company, club or situation is coincidental.

Voice Over	Previously on Agent.

TITLES	‘Previously on Agent’

Blaze	So this is it?

Natalie	It's not it. Not by a long way. It's just beginning, my investigation.

Blaze	Investigation?

Natalie	An investigation into alleged rape and culpable homicide.

Monte	So is Lesego going to be there, in the box?

Godi	Well he might make an appearance later, I don't know.

Sean	I can't tell, beneath all of that. 

Sean	I, I need to see the full picture here.

Vuyo	What's going on? You are starting to scare me. I've never seen you like this.

Kim	I'm pregnant.

Lesego	Whether you choose to believe it or not, that's up to you, but, but I'm a changed man.

Christopher	If you ever cross Blaze again, I will fucking end you.

Phumlani	Makhosi may I ask, has there been any message from the ancestors?

Olipha	I will perform the ritual properly first thing tomorrow morning, before the game starts.

Blaze	He's not trying to win her back, okay.

Lesego	I'm not. I...

Nina	You're not? Good.

Blaze	The deals, the money, the women... it ain't worth shit.

Lesego 	Blaze, we have to come out.

Lesego	We must tell the truth.

Lesego	There's no other way. 

Lesego	We'll we’ll tell, we'll tell Jade tomorrow after the game. No B, we've been living on borrowed time man. Just let the devil come for his pound of flesh.

TITLE CARD	Late May, Saturday, 7:15am

Delilah	I don’t think you should use this gun anymore... 

Delilah	... it’s better for you to use a knife. If you get caught what will we do? 


Monte	Someone is going to let me in there.

Delilah	Do you have a ticket?

Monte	Private area.

Delilah	You’re going to be able to see Lesego, right?

Monte	Blaze said he’s going to be there.

Delilah	And then you’re going to catch him by the changing rooms? 

Delilah	Then you’ll keep him there for me.

Monte	That was all before I received the ticket.

Delilah	Here, take the knife.

Monte	This is going to be difficult.

Delilah	Then let’s stop this whole thing, you don’t have to do this.

Monte	No, no, no, listen, no. 

Monte	We can’t stop, I have to do this.

Delilah	And if you get caught? What am I going to do? 

Delilah	If they catch you and shoot you, what will I do without you Monte?

Monte	Dee, Dee, listen. This guy has ruined you, he’s destroyed our family.

Monte	Maybe I was put on this earth to do this one thing, so that I can deal with this guy. 	

Delilah	Okay. Okay.

Delilah	Monte, please return with my freedom... 

Delilah	... please return it. Please return it.

Monte	Sure. Okay Dee.

TITLE CARD	Agent

TITLE CARD	Sudden Death

Blaze	Oh shit.

Blaze	Hello.

Phumlani	I'm returning your call?

Blaze	Yeah uh, do you have five minutes over the phone?

Phumlani	No, I don't have 5 minutes, but what I do have is fifteen minutes in person.

Blaze	Oh okay.

Blaze	Where can we meet up?

Phumlani	There's a place I'd like us to meet...

Phumlani	It's an industrial part of town. I'll send you the address. Half-past eight.

Blaze	Okay.

Phumlani	And Blaze.

Blaze	Ja?

Phumlani	Don't be fucking late this time round.

Mila	Too little... way too late, Sli. Huh.

Lesego	You know, I actually, I used to think you were into Blaze... and not just because you guys are Liverpool supporters but... you know...

Jade	Well the thought did cross my mind, but it never happened.

Lesego	Oh, huh huh, I like that. 

Lesego	Can you believe it, I actually have butterflies in my stomach. Like I'm about to play my first game.

Jade	This could be your last game for the club?

Lesego	Yeah even though I know that... I, when I run out onto that pitch today, and give it my best, dance the beautiful game. 

Lesego	And playing my heart out, one last time. For the fans.

Jade	Are you seriously thinking of retiring at the age of 29? 

Jade	That's young for a footballer.

Lesego	Today, after the game, Blaze and I have an exclusive for you.

Jade	An exclusive?

Lesego	We uh, we could do it at the, at the Marlboro Boardroom. Just you, me and 

Blaze.	

Jade	Wait, are you announcing your retirement?

Lesego	This is important Jade. Can you do this?

Jade	Yes of-course...

Phumlani	Your fifteen minutes start now.

Blaze	Let's talk about Lesego.

Phumlani	Ja, what about him?

Blaze	At least play him this afternoon. He's still your captain of the team and he's still your talisman.

Phumlani	He hasn't been that for long, you know that Blaze.

Blaze	Maybe...

Blaze	... maybe you're telling the truth.

Blaze	But when I look at the team photo, I see him wearing the armband, sitting next to Giovanni.

Phumlani	For ninety more God damn minutes, that's it.

Blaze	So you'll let him play?

Phumlani	Giovanni's been on my neck all morning about me letting Lesego play. 

Phumlani	Giovanni should enjoy coaching his last game. 

Phumlani	What else?

Blaze	Herve...

Phumlani	The offer from Apollo?

Blaze	The record breaking offer from Apollo.

Phumlani	The record stands only if we accept the offer... I'm still mulling over it.

Blaze	What is there to mull about Phumlani? Even I can admit the kid's not worth that much... not right now anyway.

Phumlani	It doesn’t make sense.

Phumlani	I mean, why would Zoe make such an outrageous offer? Hmm?

Phumlani	What is it, is she trying to scare me?

Blaze	She just thinks that the kid will be worth that much in the future--

Phumlani	The kid has only played eight games in his whole professional career.

Blaze	This is a great cash injection even for the club at a time when it really needs it-

Phumlani	Don't presume to know the club's finances.

Blaze	Let's be straight here, Herve does not have a future at Marlboro and you can't stand the fact that he chose me over you and JP as his agent.

Phumlani	Carry on, carry on talking your crap.

Phumlani	... and the kid will stay on the bench all fucking day long.

Blaze	And not take advantage of putting him up in the shop window?

Phumlani	Blaze, you're pushing me. You're pushing me and I don't like to be pushed.

Blaze	Phumlani, if you turn this deal down...

Blaze	... from Zoe...

Blaze	There's no guarantee...

Blaze	... that you'll get another deal like this.

Phumlani	The only one thing that you need to worry about after today's game, is that there will be a new world with new rules... and I will do as I bloody well choose. 

Phumlani	Now if there's nothing more for you to say, get the fuck out of my ride.

Blaze	What's with the box?

Blaze	Natalie?

Natalie	Sli?

Blaze	What are you doing here?

Natalie	Me? What are you doing here?

Blaze	I had a business meeting.

Natalie	A business meeting? With who... Al Qaeda?

Blaze	What... no. With the owner of Marlboro... well, the new owner. Phumlani is Walter's son.

Natalie	Okay well I think he's hanging out with the wrong sort of people.

Blaze	Wrong sort of people?

Natalie	Ja I've been surveilling this block for the past month now. We have a wire tap, its part of an ongoing 'undercover' investigation about rogue terrorists in the country... look I, I shouldn't even be telling you this shit. 

Natalie	Especially out in the open like this. It's fucking dodge.

Blaze	Since you're here, I might as well let you know. You don't have to open up a criminal investigation against myself and Lesego.

Natalie	Why's that?

Blaze	We're gonna do it for you.

Natalie	Meaning?

Blaze	After the game today, we're gonna tell the world what we did. Jade is going to write it up...	

Natalie	And then?

Blaze	We hand ourselves over to your guys.

Natalie	Is this because of what I said?

Blaze	No. I'm tired of living a lie. I just can't anymore. I, I need to do the right thing.

Natalie	Look, I'm, I'm about to knock off now so why don't you come with me and we, and we can talk this through?

Blaze	We have already, remember?

Natalie	What did you expect me to say? Pat you on the back and say it's all going to be alright Sli?

Blaze	It just seemed like it was more the Bay Crystal thing that got in the way.

Natalie	It did... it did, but I've made my peace with it. 

Natalie	You shouldn't go through with this.

Blaze	It has to be like this. It should have been like this six years ago.

Natalie	I love you. I fucking, I fucking, I fucking... love you.

Blaze	Okay. 

Blaze	I still need to do this. I have to. Alright.

Natalie	Okay. Just follow me home. One last time.

Blaze	Okay.

Olipha	Is he the one who usually does the kick off for the team? 

Phumlani	Yes Makhosi...

Phumlani	... well at least in the first half.

Olipha	Okay then I will perform the ritual and you will be most satisfied.

Phumlani	I’m in agreement with you Makhosi.

Phumlani	And once we are done with this boy Lesego...

Phumlani	… I’d like us to focus on sorting out that little brat from Abidjan and that little agent of his. 

Olipha	Don’t worry yourself, they’re all connected.

Lesego	Excellent. Excellent Makhosi.

Phumlani	Right, Thato... I want you to dig a hole right here in the centre. Make sure that everything that Makhosi's about to hand to you is placed in that hole. Clean Thato. Unscathed.

Natalie	If you go through with this, with your client's profile in the game... this'll be bigger than Jub-Jub.

Blaze	Wow, that's really comforting.

Natalie	The NPA will throw the book at you; the media will descend like vultures on a carcass...

Blaze	No please, don't stop.

Natalie	Driving under the influence, abduction, culpable homicide, rape, defeating the ends of justice, murder, this is some serious fucking shit Sli.

Blaze	And you think that I don't know that?

Natalie	You're just 'a good guy who did a bad thing'.

Blaze	A bad thing that I've been avoiding.

Jerry	Master Blaze.

Blaze	Timer. 

Blaze	You were wrong timer. I came back. At least one last time.

Jerry	I never said you wouldn't come back.

Jerry	I just meant uh, you were nearing the end.

Blaze	What's this nonsense you're talking about?

Jerry	This chapter in your life.

Blaze	Okay tell me old timer, how does it end?

Jerry	It ends eh... unresolved... 'in the air'... does that make sense to you?

Blaze	No.

Jerry	Not the way you expected.

Jerry	This is not your destiny. This is somebody else's.

Blaze	It was nice knowing you timer. You're a good man.

Jerry	You'll never walk alone.

Monte	Hey Thato.

Vuyo	Can you talk?

Blaze	Yeah sure, I mean for you, I can do more than just talk.

Blaze	What's up?

Vuyo	So Kim and I have some news.

Blaze	Uh-huh, okay?

Vuyo	Kim's pregnant.

Blaze	Finally. Yes, I mean, congratulations. Please send my wishes to Kimmy.

Vuyo	She's four and a half months pregnant.

Blaze	Already?

Vuyo	We'd like you to be the Godfather.

Blaze	Yeah, I'd be, I'd be honoured.

Vuyo	But only if...

Blaze	But only if what now?

Vuyo	Only if it's mine Blaze.

Blaze	Who else's could it be, heh?

Vuyo	Pascal...

Blaze	But Pascal was--

Vuyo	Four and a half months ago.

Blaze	Oh shit!

Vuyo	We're doing a paternity test. 

Vuyo 	We'll let you know.

Blaze	Fuck!

Zoe	I drove the price up higher than your wildest dreams so Christopher you should actually be thanking me.

Christopher	Benevolence. What's the angle luv?

Zoe	The angle is that I really hope Marlboro accepts the offer. I wanna build the team around Herve next year.

Christopher 	No. Huh?

Christopher	You wanna build an entire team around an 18 year old... who has eight games to his name?

Zoe	Not one club in France said yes to Antoine Griezmann. Sociedad took a punt, the rest is history, you know the story.

Christopher	Yeah it's a definite punt, because he ain't no Griezmann is he?--

Zoe	I think the kid is genuinely gifted and nine and a half million is gonna look like chump change in five years anyway.

Christopher	What happens if Marlboro reject the bid?

Zoe	Christopher you're asking me and I'm telling you, I saw a genuine opportunity.

Christopher	And you didn't think to run this passed Blaze, his agent?

Zoe	The best ideas are instinctual. You know this.

Christopher	You are so full of shit and we both know exactly what this is about...

Christopher	Christopher hello.

Natalie	Uh, hey... Christopher.

Christopher	Who is this?

Natalie	This is Natalie... the cop you and Blaze are so worried about.

Christopher 	How'd you get my number?

Natalie	Off Blaze's phone.

Christopher	You saw him today?

Natalie	We ran into each other. Wasn't planned.

Christopher	What do you want?

Natalie	To warn you.

Christopher	The five oh, is the five oh, already opening a criminal investigation.

Natalie	That's not what I'm warning you about.

Christopher	What? You wanna extort some money?

Natalie	No. This isn't about me. You should know that Blaze and Lesego are planning to tell the media today after the game...

Christopher	He would have said something.

Natalie	He said he didn't want to tell you because you'd try to talk him out of it.

Christopher	I'm curious, why do you care?

Natalie	What can I say, I love the guy.  

Natalie	Even tried to talk him out of it myself...

Christopher	I'll take care of it. And uh, thank you.

Christopher 	Fuck!

Jade	Hey.

Blaze	Hey.

Jade	Did you hear the good news?

Blaze	I haven't stopped all day.

Jade	Your boys are in the first eleven. 

Jade 	Lesego will captain the side for his final game... 

Jade	... and Herve is in the starting line-up.

Blaze	At least something worked out.

Jade	What's the big revelation?

Blaze	I can’t say.

Jade	Is Lesego announcing his retirement?

Blaze	It's big Jade... it's really big.

Jade	Give me something, a clue.

Blaze	Sometimes there's a fork in the road... for all of us... I guess this is mine and Lesego's.	

Blaze	See you after the game.

Lesego	Um, I don't, I don't know what to say, really. 

Lesego	I, I've played for this club... two hundred and eighty one times. And today is two hundred and eighty two... 

Lesego	... and most likely my last. 

Lesego	That's a decade of calling this club home. And I've played with all of you. Even some of you laaities coming up.

Lesego	Conrad, stand up. Stand up.

Lesego	That's for showboating last weekend. This is a team game, you hear me. No one is more important than this club or the crest on the front of your jersey. 

Lesego	Not even me, your captain.

Lesego	Come on, get up. 

Lesego	He's talented, but it's not about him or me.

Lesego	Now as your captain, I feel it is my duty that I, I issue an apology. To all of you. I, I haven't been a, a worthy role model. 

Lesego	I mean, if we're honest... I've done some bad shit. You guys have seen... I've done some bad shit that you just can't undo. 

Lesego	And I'm sorry. I've given you bad advice. I told you things that I shouldn't have. 

Lesego	I, I encouraged you to rebel, encouraged division within the team, and most of all I, I promoted the individual over the collective. 

Lesego 	All of that shit I, I, there's nothing I can do about that now... I can't take it away. 

Lesego	But what I can do, in the next ninety minutes in this life, I can fight... I can push... I can press... I can score a goal... I can leave it all out there, on the pitch... and give it everything that I have. 

Lesego	And that's a promise, but it's not to you, nor to the fucking suits upstairs... but for the fucking fans.

Herve	Yeah, for the fans.

Teammate	Yes!

Lesego	So today, today we don't play with the mind... we don't play with the brain today, today, today we play with, with passion... we play with the heart... we play, with our souls.

Teammates	(start singing a song)

Godi	Hey. Blaze. I just came from checking on Monte. All good and now I'm going.

Blaze	He's quite strange?

Godi	Oh ja right, I know what you mean.

Blaze	So has Chris told you yet?

Godi	Told me what?

Blaze	Ace Acting.

Godi	What’s that?

Blaze	It's the new division we're starting, that you will be heading up. How do you like the sound of that?

Blaze	Miss G, come on, we both know you're wasted as my PA.

Blaze	And I've also told Chris should anything happen to me... for whatever reason, you'd get my shares in the agency.

Godi	Why are you talking about this now?

Blaze	Because I never get time to thank you... for all of it. For everything that you've ever done for me. 

Blaze	From the time we first met. You chasing after me with my dropped wallet.

Godi	Ja, those were the days... yeah?

Godi	What is it? What's going on?

Blaze	Sorry. What's up with our girl?

Godi	Who Mila?

Blaze	Yeah?

Godi	Happily shooting abroad.

Blaze	You know you're my people Miss G?

Godi	Yeah.

Blaze	And Mila's my people too. Actually you guys are more than that. You're like the only family I've ever had. 

Blaze	It's time like these when, one needs their family. I, I just had a weird feeling since this morning.

Godi	Listen, Blaze, you just focus on the game, yeah? Focus on our boys. I've got our girl. Yeah?

Blaze	You've got our girl?

Godi	Yeah I got her.

Blaze	Okay.

Godi	Anything happens I will, I'll contact you.

Blaze	Alright. Miss... Godi...

Blaze	Thank you. Thank you.

Sean	I wanna see a rawness in your performance. I want you to um, to strip it all down.

Lesego	How you feeling?

Blaze	Man I just wish it was over already.


Lesego	See I, I'm the opposite. I wish the next ninety minutes could stretch out into eternity.

Blaze	You know once that final whistle blows then--

Lesego	Game's up. We're up.

Blaze	I told Natalie, she tried to talk me out of it.

Lesego	Of-course she did... cos all that huffing and puffing about opening up a case; she was just covering.

Blaze	For a moment, I, I considered it, not going through with this. I could go somewhere, start over, you know. Maybe even take her with me.

Lesego	It would be the same thing brother.

Lesego	You'd still be running away--

Blaze	I know, I know, that's why I'm here man. I'm ready, alright... I'm as ready as I'll ever be.

Lesego	Hey, why did you never correct people when they called you Blaze?

Blaze	The fans anointed me man.

Lesego	Ja but they were mocking you... you know, the number of times you blazed over the bar, edge of the box. Fuck, you sky'ed those motherfuckers.

Blaze	I'd much rather be called Blaze, than the name that my parents gave me, you know, the one I inherited.  

Blaze	It's like I left Slindile and my upbringing and all my parents' bullshit man; I shed Slindile and I never looked back. I never looked back.

Lesego	Slindile 'Blaze' Magoba, the best agent I've ever had.

Blaze	Lesego 'Ace' Moleko. The worst fucking client I've ever had.

Christopher	I know okay, I fucking know.

Christopher	What you're planning to do after the game bruv. Spill your guts to the press. To Jade Singh.

Lesego	We gonna tell them that you weren't involved, we just did it on our own.

Christopher	Oh so you think it was gonna be that easy, do you? The truth has a way of coming out.

Lesego	Yeah but that's not our intention.

Christopher	I don't give a fuck about your intention! Do you understand?

Blaze	Chris! 

Blaze	Chill bra, chill. Just please man.

Christopher	Alright. Okay. What the fuck more can I say to the two of you? Hmm? 

Christopher	You're both fucking doomed and you will not have it any other way. Yeah? 

Christopher	So go ahead and take the plunge. I will try and avoid getting hit by the shrapnel.	

Blaze	Let’s get on the pitch. Let’s go.

Brian Commentator	Hello and welcome it is the last game of the season, Marlboro United versus Kwamashu Devil

Reggie Commentator	Oh Lesego Moleko's last game of the season for Marlboro United. On a full moon.

Brian Commentator	Reggie, are you superstitious now?

Reggie Commentator	Ah not me Brian, but you can sense there is something in the air about tonight.

Brian Commentator	It is sure to be an emotional day for Lesego Moleko on his two hundred and eighty second appearance for Marlboro. What a legend. What a star player.
