
(“BUSTY COEDS VS. LUSTY CHEERLEADERS”)

 

Angie	Hi, I'm Angie. Welcome to Cheerleader Camp.I bet you're thinking to yourself, "Wow, for a cheerleader, she sure does have herself a heckuva set of "pom-poms". But, believe me when I say they just don't give these out for nothing around here. You've got to earn them. More about that later. But now, it's time for a bit of "R and R", if you catch my drift.

Song Lyrics	Whoa-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh Whoa-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh Whoa-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh Whoa-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh...

Angie	The guy with all the muscles is Chet. He doesn't say much. Just let's his abs do most of the talking. He's one of the handymen that our teacher, Miss Myers, hired to help with the camp upkeep. Personally, I'm extremely amazed at how he can continually keep it up.

Audience	(cheers)

Angie	Alright, I know, I know. Bad joke. But you've got to admit, this guy is handy at some things.

Song Lyrics	Move out (echoes) Move out (echoes) Move out (echoes) Move out (echoes) Ooh, baby! Ooh, baby! Ooh, baby! Ooh, baby! Ooh, hey, hey, hey Ooh! Ooh, hey, hey, hey Ooh, hey, hey, hey Ooh! Ooh, hey, hey, hey Ooh! Ooh, hey, hey, hey Ooh, hey, hey, hey Ooh! Bah-dah-baby-bah-bah, bah-doh Bah-dah-baby-bah-bah, bah-doh Hey ah oh... Bah-dah-baby-bah-bah, bah-doh Bah-dah-baby-bah-bah, bah-doh Bah-dah-baby-bah-bah, bah-doh Bah-dah-baby-bah-bah, bah-doh Hey ah oh...

Angie	Oh! Ooh! Oh! Ooh!

Song Lyrics	Move out (echoes) Move out (echoes) Move out (echoes) Move out (echoes)

Angie	Oh! Ah! Oh!

Song Lyrics	Ooh, baby! Ooh, baby! Ooh, baby! Ooh, baby!

Angie	So there you are -- fantastic hot tub, fantastic hot sex. You'd think I'd fallen into the lap of sexual luxury, wouldn't you? Well, think again. I've got just two days left to win the "Scholastic Hottie of the Year Contest" or behold just another pathetic loser.

Miss Meyers	(filtered) Attention, attention! All ladies...  (normal voice) ...will report to the main dining room for roll call and inspection in... (filtered) ...fifteen minutes!

Angie	That's Miss Meyers, our chaperone.  (cont'd) You've already seen...  (cont'd) ...what a great job she's doing keeping the guys away. She brought ten contestants, including me, here last week to compete for the title. Now, there's just four of us left. Come on, I'll introduce you to the other held-over wanna-bes. The girl next to me is Marla Mounds. (cont'd) I think her name kinda sums it up. Marla's my most serious competition for first place. Her boobs are smaller, and mine are nicer. The girl in the pink is Tiffy Nightsprings. (cont'd) Her family's dripping with stocks, bonds and cold hard cash. She's not even a real cheerleader, for gosh sakes. Daddy bought her a nomination and bribed everyone in sight, including me, to get her here. Finally, the girl at the end is Candice Connors. (cont'd) With an "I.Q." hovering just around room temperature, you can cram all of Candy's grey matter into one thimble and still have room left for your thumb.

Miss Meyers	(clears throat) Is this thing on? (filtered)	Uh, alright, ladies, (normal voice) settle down.

Tiffy	Hello, Miss Meyers.

Miss Meyers	(filtered) Tiff', girls -- time for inspection...

Marla	Not again.

Miss Meyers	(filtered) Yes, again and every day until we crown a winner.

Candice	But how much can we actually grow in one day?

Tiffy	It does seem a little ridiculous.

Angie	I'll say.

Miss Meyers	(filtered) Rules are rules, ladies. Present arms.

Angie	It seems so "non P.C." in this day and age, but the girl with the best boobs should ultimately win the contest.

Miss Meyers	Okay...

Angie	But, who am I to argue?

Miss Meyers	Thirty-seven. Thirty-nine. Tiffy...forty-one. Tiffy, you seemed to have grown over an inch since yesterday.

Tiffy	That's impossible.

Miss Meyers	Numbers don't lie. have you taken something...gotten pregnant?

Tiffy	No way.

Miss Meyers	Then how do you account for this astounding growth?

Tiffy	I don't know. I might have had an extra glass of milk at supper last night, but that wouldn't really do it. Would it?

Angie	Here it comes.

Marla	Angie, you didn't.

Angie	I did.

Marla	When?

Angie	Last night at dinner. 

Angie	(cont'd) Ssh. Our little secret. 

Miss Meyers	You realize, Miss Nightsprings, this may constitute a serious breach of protocol. Enhancing one's breasts after nomination is completely against the rules and may result in immediate disqualification.

Tiffy	But I didn't do anything, I swear. They must have just grown on their own.

Miss Meyers	I'm sorry. I'm gonna have to report this.
 
Tiffy	Miss Meyers, may I talk to you privately for a minute? I think I may have a good explanation for this unexpected enlargement.

Miss Meyers	Certainly honey, but, over there. The rest of you girls hit the showers. I'll see you at three p.m. for pole dancing!

Marla	Let's go do what we're told and go get wet.

Angie	Fine with me. Coming, Candy?

Candice	Um, aren't the showers that way?

Angie/Marla	Not the outdoor showers!

Candice	Well, don't we at least need soap?

Marla	Who needs soap when we've got chocolate?

Candice	Alright, you two go have fun. I'm gonna go use the hot tub and maybe actually get clean.

Marla	Suit yourself. 

Angie	Remember that cooking show? Well, Marla and I were in our dorm room one day when she suddenly got inspired. She poured a whole jar of maraschino cherries all over my naked body and started eating them off, one by one. We both got off on it bigtime, so much that the next day she added whipped cream to the mix, then graduated to walnuts, "gummies" and sprinkles. If it weren't for the influx of ants, flies and roaches, I think we'd still be there. It gave me a whole new love for chocolate, that I have to tell you.


Candice	Hey, Bull.
 

Bull	Hey, Candy. How's my favorite contestant?

Candice	Not so good today, I'm afraid.

Bull	Why? What's bothering you?

Candice	It's the other girls. There's just so much jealousy and fighting, I can't stand it anymore. I kinda wish they'd send me home.

Bull	Oh, well, look at the bright side -- it'll all be over in forty-eight hours anyway and with a little luck, the girls' negativity will cancel itself out and, you'll go home a winner.

Candice	You really think so?

Bull	I know so.

Candice	But the other girls' boobs are so much nicer than mine. I mean, how am I supposed to win "Miss Scholastic Hottie" with these?

Bull	Look, Candy, may I ask you a key question about breasts? I want you to tell me what's more important -- the, uh, look or the size?

Angie	Size.

Marla	Size.

Tiffy	Size...obviously.
 
Miss Meyers	Size. 

Chet	Size, of course. 
 

Candice	Size, I guess?

Bull	No, silly girl. It's the look.

Candice	Really?

Bo	Yes, really, and um, you do look spectacular.

Candice	(laughs) By the way, I've always wanted to ask...

Bull	(laughs) What's that?

Candice	Damn.

Bull	Yeah, yeah.


Song	Lyrics Pussy, Pussy, Pussy, Pussy,	pussy, pussy, pussy, pussy, bang, bang, bang, bang,	bang. bang. bang. bang. Pussy, Pussy, Pussy, Pussy,	pussy, pussy, pussy, pussy,	bang, bang, bang, bang,	bang. bang. bang. bang. Pussy, Pussy, Pussy, Pussy, pussy, pussy, pussy, pussy, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang. bang. bang. bang. Yeah, come on! Yeah... Yeah, come on! Pussy, pussy, bang, bang. Pussy, pussy, bang, bang. Pussy, pussy, bang, bang. Pussy, pussy, bang, bang. Pussy, pussy, bang, bang. Pussy, pussy, bang, bang. Pussy, pussy, bang, bang. Pussy, pussy, bang, bang. Ooh, aw, baby, aw, babe Ooh, aw, baby, aw, babe... Ooh, aw, baby, aw, babe Ooh, aw, baby, aw, babe...Pussy, pussy, bang, bang. Pussy, pussy, bang, bang. Pussy, pussy, bang, bang. Pussy, pussy, bang, bang. Pussy, pussy, bang, bang. Pussy, pussy, bang, bang. Pussy, pussy, bang, bang. Pussy, pussy, bang, bang.

Candice	Oh! Oh, yeah! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh- ho... (laughs) Oh, that's no bull...oh...

Miss Meyers	So let me get this straight: someone might have slipped breast enhancement pills into your dinner last night?

Tiffy	There's no "may" about it. I'd stake my life on it. Here, look Forty, twenty-four, thirty-six figure. I take justifiable pride in all the "lypo'", collagen and silicone that goes into keep my bod' the best it can be. Do you think for one second that I would deliberately alter what the good Lord gave me just to go one inch bigger?

Miss Meyers	Well, perhaps not.

Tiffy	I rest my case. It had to have been one of the other girls trying to make me look bad.

Miss Meyers	Believe me, Miss Nightsprings. It would take an awful lot to make you look bad.

Tiffy	Umm, really? Well, you're not so bad yourself.

Miss Meyers	Umm...
 
Tiffy	Umm...

Miss Meyers	Umm. Really? You're not just saying that to influence my vote, are you, young lady?

Tiffy	Not in the slightest.

Angie	Nope. No corruption here, folks. This just makes my climb to Number One that much harder. But I assure you I'm up to the task. I'm not about to let this rich bitch take my title without a fight...

Tiffy	Are you calling me bitch, bitch?

Angie	Exactly.

Tiffy	Well, we'll just see who wins.

Angie	Oh, yeah?

Tiffy	Yeah.

Song Lyrics	Girls like this Girls like this do you wanna dance with me? do you wanna dance with me? Girls like this...Girls like this Girls like this do you wanna dance with me? do you wanna dance with me? Girls like this... Girls like this Girls like this do you wanna dance with me? do you wanna dance with me? do you wanna? Girls like this... do you wanna? do you wanna dance with me? Girls like this... Ooh...ooh...(moans) 

Miss Meyers	Alright, ladies, it's time to test you all in the category of interpretive dancing.

Angie	She means stippin'. So get ready, guys. I'm real good at this.

Tiffy	First off we'll have Tiffy, followed by Marla, followed by Candy and last we'll have Angie. Now remember, girls, you'll be judged not only on your looks but also your specific moves as well. So, make it good!

Candice	Umm...

Angie	I told you I was good at this.

Candice	Oh...

Miss Meyers	Hello?

Dean's Assistant	(filtered) This is Dean Martin's office for Abby Meyers.

Tiffy	This is Miss Meyers. 

Dean Martin	Hello, Abby! This is Martin. How's it going down there?


Miss Meyers	Fine, Dean. Everything's coming along nicely.
 
Dean Martin	And by that you mean you have a winner in mind for "Miss Scholastic Hottie"?

Miss Meyers	That's right.

Dean Martin	(filtered) And that... (cont'd) (normal voice)...winner wouldn't happen to be Miss Tiffy Nightsprings, would it?

Miss Meyers	Umm, there's a strong possibility.

Dean Martin	(filtered) You remember, of course, that Mister...  (cont'd) (normal voice) ...Herbert Nightsprings is this university's most wealthy contributor and his lovely daughter would be severely traumatized should she not win this competition.

Miss Meyers	I remember.

Dean Martin	(filtered) Good.  (cont'd) (normal voice) Keep that all in mind before you make your final decision.

Miss Meyers	Oh, I will. Uh...I take it everything's normal back there on campus?
 
Dean Martin	It's business as usual. I have an alumni dinner across the quad in a half an hour. I'll be able to duck out early, soon as the wife gets tanked.

Miss Meyers	Ooh, okay. Uh, did you find a new assistant?

Dean Martin	(filtered) No...  (cont'd) (normal voice) ...but I have an applicant in the outer office.  (filtered) I'm gonna try to fit in... (cont'd) (normal voice) ...an interview before I leave, so, let me go for now.

Miss Meyers	Okay.

Dean Martin	(filtered) Just remember what I said. Your tenure here could depend on the choice you make.

Miss Meyers	(filtered) I completely understand.

Dean Martin		(filtered) Good. Call me tomorrow with an update.

Miss Meyers	Will do. 

Angie	You see what I mean? Nothing but corruption around here. I guess I'll have to fight fire with fire.

Janet	Hello?

Angie	(filtered) Are you in position?

Janet	Just waiting to go in. 

Angie	Make sure you get plenty of good pictures.

Janet	Oh, I will.

Angie	Call me later. 

Janet	Definitely. Bye.

Dean Martin	Send in the applicant, will you?

Janet	Hello.

Dean Martin	Well, hello, Miss...how do you pronounce that?

Janet	Smith.

Dean Martin	Oh, of course. I should have figured it out myself..
 
Janet	It happens all the time.

Dean Martin	Now it says here that you've previously worked with Dean Wormer at Faber. How was that experience?

Janet	Well, he was a nice enough man, but the students there are very unruly and after the incident with the horse...

Dean Martin	I can totally sympathize. Uh, so, go over some of your qualifications, please.

Janet	Well, first of all, I'm very discreet and anything that goes on inside this office will stay strictly within the confines. You understand?

Dean Martin	Good.

Janet	And besides that, I type a hundred words a minute and I take great "dick"...tation.

Dean Martin	Really?

Janet	Care to test me?

Dean Martin	I'd love to!

Song Lyrics	Power of the pussy, Power of the pussy, Power of the pussy, Power of the pussy. Power of the pussy, Power of the pussy, Power of the pussy, Power of the pussy. Power of the pussy, I'm giving you what you want Power of the pussy, red pouty lips. Power of the pussy, lined up stockings, Power of the pussy, I’m wet and juicy. Power of the pussy, you’re a stand down loner? Power of the pussy, you’re popping a boner. Power of the pussy, wetting my lips, Power of the pussy, moving my hips. Power of the pussy, Power of the pussy, Power of the pussy, Power of the pussy. Power of the pussy, Power of the pussy, Power of the pussy, Power of the pussy. Power of the pussy, my rump is out. Power of the pussy, you're giving a horny shout. Power of the pussy, I give you a fuck pout, Power of the pussy, hump me no doubt. Power of the pussy, cream in your jeans, Power of the pussy, looking like a fiend. Power of the pussy, wanna finger bang? Power of the pussy, let’s orgy, gang. Power of the pussy, Power of the pussy, Power of the pussy, Power of the pussy. Power of the pussy, Power of the pussy, Power of the pussy, Power of the pussy. Power of the pussy, Power of the pussy, Power of the pussy, Power of the pussy. Power of the pussy, Power of the pussy, Power of the pussy, Power of the pussy. Tease it, tease it lick it, lick it sniff it, sniff it suck it, suck it, shove it, shove it lust it, lust it ram it, ram it fuck it, fuck it... Power of the pussy, you explode in gain, Power of the pussy, I smile in vain. Power of the pussy, meet my pimp. Power of the pussy, I need my money, wimp. Power of the pussy, Power of the pussy, Power of the pussy, Power of the pussy. Power of the pussy, Power of the pussy, Power of the pussy, Power of the pussy. Power of the pussy, Power of the pussy, Power of the pussy, Power of the pussy. Power of the pussy, Power of the pussy, Power of the pussy, Power of the pussy. Power of the pussy, Power of the pussy, Power of the pussy, Power of the pussy. Power of the pussy, Power of the pussy, Power of the pussy, Power of the pussy. Power of the pussy, Power of the pussy, Power of the pussy, Power of the pussy. Power of the pussy, Power of the pussy, Power of the pussy, Power of the pussy. Power of the pussy, Power of the pussy, Power of the pussy, Power of the pussy. Power of the pussy...

Miss Meyers	Why, Candy.

Candice	Hi, Miss Meyers.

Miss Meyers	I thought you'd be in your room. You know you have a big test day tomorrow.

Candice	Yeah, I know. I just couldn't relax.

Miss Meyers	Why? What's the matter?

Candice	I just keep thinking no matter what I do, I won't be able to win this competition.

Miss Meyers	Well, that's just not true.

Angie	Liar!

Miss Meyers	What makes you say that?

Candice	Well, Tiffy's Dad's got money, Marla has an amazing body and Angie has such a great personality.
 
Angie	Thank you, thank you. But you forgot about these.

Candice	I just kept thinking there's no way I can compete with all that. But then it hit me. Maybe there's one way?


Miss Meyers	How so? (laughs)

Candice	Bribery?

Miss Meyers	Oh, I'm so, so, sorry, Candy. I'm certain the society would frown on such nefarious activity.

Candice	Maybe so, but would they frown upon this?

Miss Meyers	(laughs) Hmm. You know, girl, you may have a hell of a career ahead of you.

Candice	Really? In what field?

Miss Meyers	Politics, naturally.

Song Lyrics	(filtered) There’s something about it that seems hypnotic. (normal voice) Uh-huh. (filtered) I think I’ve heard them. (normal voice) Mm-hmm. (filtered) There’s something about it that seems hypnotic. (normal voice) Come here, feel baby, light hair. Peach show, heads grow, go low, is that so? (filtered) There’s something about it that seems hypnotic. (normal voice) Hypnotics touching there. (filtered) I think I’ve heard them. (normal voice) Hypnotic. Hypnotic, take me away. Hypnotic, you feel so good. Love hard, all mine, let’s fly. In haste, deep waist, foreplay, is that so? (filtered) There’s something about it that seems hypnotic. (normal voice) Yeah, it’s me. (filtered) I think I’ve heard them. (normal voice) Come over here. Do you like what you see? (filtered) Do you hear me? (normal voice) I don’t think so. Enter my trance, (filtered) Do you hear me? (normal voice) I don’t think so. Come on dance. (filtered) There’s something about it that seems hypnotic. You're all mine Touch me, right. Uh, I think I love it. Oh, yeah, hypnotic., You're all mine  Give it to me, uh! Yeah! (filtered) There’s something about it that seems hypnotic. That’s it! Uh! (filtered) There’s something about it that seems hypnotic. Feels good! (filtered) There’s something about it that seems hypnotic. (normal voice) That beat, sexy, my treat, is that so? Do, do-do, hypnotica, Do, do-do, hypnotica, Do, do-do, hypnotica, Do, do-do, hypnotica, (filtered) There’s something about it that seems hypnotic. They call it a dream (filtered) There’s something about it that seems hypnotic. A dream...

Candice	Oh!
 
Miss Meyers	Oh, yeah!

Candice	Oh!

Miss Meyers	Oh, yeah! Oh, yeah! Oh...

Song Lyrics	(filtered) There’s something about it that seems hypnotic. Oh, right, you're so bright Hypnotica.. So come get me now...

Miss Meyers	Alright, ladies. has anyone seen Angie? She is missing an entire hour of "phys' ed'".

Candice	She wasn't in the dorm when I woke up.

Tiffy	Probably hiding from embarrassment.

Marla	She had a visitor come by before breakfast.

Tiffy	Most likely her parole officer.

Marla	It was a girl -- nobody I'd ever seen before.

Miss Meyers	I hope she knows this tardiness could count against her.

Marla	I'm sure she has a good reason for being late.

Miss Meyers	Alright, ladies, back to work. 

Angie	So, how did it go last night?

Janet	Piece of cake. He fell for it right on the spot. I just had to bat my eyelashes and he melted like butter.

Angie	Great. How about the photos?
 
Janet	Hmm, right here -- beautiful color photos enhanced for sixteen-by-nine.

Angie	Okay?

Janet	And I got video you can post to "YouTube".

Angie	Fine. So don't post this till after the contest, understand?

Janet	Perfectly.

Angie	That's my other friend, Janet. Not bad, huh? We met onstage when we both worked at the same strip bar last summer. She got the goods on Dean Martin last night, but now, she's gonna help me with a few of my other little problems.  (cont'd) Ready for a little special intrigue?

Janet	Oh, I'm like lunch meat -- always ready. What did you have in mind.

Angie	Well, first of all I want that Meyers chick to get an eyeful of that video I shot through her bathroom door.

Janet	How did you do that?

Angie	Easy. I just connected the camera's playback to the campground's cable box, so when she turned on the eleven o'clock news, she got an instant replay that completely knocked her on her ass.

Janet	And what about Candice?

Angie	She was in the video, too. Two birds with one tape.

Janet	Oh, right... (laughs) (cont'd) What about that rich bitch?

Angie	Now, that's gonna be a bit tougher. Between her and her moneybags Daddy, I still can't figure out all her angles. Even with Miss Meyers, Candy and Dean under my thumb, I'm sure Tiffy's got a few surprises in store I haven't counted on. We just have to figure out what that is before they announce the winner at high noon.

Janet	How are we gonna do that?

Angie	I've got Marla working on it right now.

Janet	But isn't she a contestant, too?

Angie	Yeah, but Marla's a good friend of mine. Plus, I told her I'd split half my prize money.

Janet	And she went for it?

Angie	Yeah.

Janet	Wow, you're gonna split half of your prize money? That's a lot.

Angie	Well, after you add in all my expenses and overhead, I'll probably wind up giving her ten bucks.

Janet	Oh. That sounds reasonable.

Angie	Yeah.

Janet	Hmm. (cont'd) So what now, my dear?


Angie	Well, since we have a little downtime, I thought we could both use some "R and R".
 
Janet	You mean...?

Angie	Oh, yeah. Ah!

Janet	Ah! (laughs) Oh, my God.

Angie	(laughs)

Janet	Oh...

Angie	(laughs)

Janet	I almost didn't take off...

Angie	Yeah, you did.

Janet	(laughs)

Song Lyrics	(sighs) I want your love, I’ve got to have it. I need your love, I’ve got to feel it. I want your touch, I’ve got to have it. I need your lust, I’ve got to feel it. Hold you close, bigger dose I want you most, Let's cruise the coast I want your love, I’ve got to have it. I need your love, I’ve got to feel it. I want your touch, I’ve got to have it. I need your lust, I’ve got to feel it. Oh, yeah, oh, yeah oh yeah, oh, yeah Passion flows, heaven knows So let it go Now watch it grow I want your love, I’ve got to have it. I need your love, I’ve got to feel it. I want your touch, I’ve got to have it. I need your lust, I’ve got to feel it. I want your love, I’ve got to have it. I need your love, I’ve got to feel it. I want your touch, I’ve got to have it. I need your lust, I’ve got to feel it. I want your love, I’ve got to have it. I need your love, I’ve got to feel it. I want your touch, I’ve got to have it. I need your lust, I’ve got to feel it. I want your love, I’ve got to have it. I need your love, I’ve got to feel it. I want your touch, I’ve got to have it. I need your lust, I’ve got to feel it. I want your love, I’ve got to have it. I need your love, I’ve got to feel it. I want your touch, I’ve got to have it. I need your lust, I’ve got to feel it. I want your love, I’ve got to have it. I need your love, I’ve got to feel it...

Tiffy	Yes?

Nightsprings	Hi, honey! 

Tiffy	Daddy! It's so good to hear from you. Did you take care of everything?

Nightsprings	Well, both the Dean and that chaperone bitch Meyers suddenly switched allegiance midstream.

Tiffy	(filtered) What? (cont'd) (normal voice) I thought you paid them off.


Nightsprings	I did, handsomely. (filtered) Someone must have gotten some dirt on them and now they've got control of their vote.

Tiffy	Damn, damn, damn! It must have been that blonde bitch, Angie! I swear I'll get her.

Nightsprings	Now don't you worry, baby. Daddy's been thinking.

Tiffy	What did you do? 

Nightsprings	Hmm. I had the police arrest the Dean for using the university as a brothel.

Tiffy	You don't know how close to the truth you got with that one.

Nightsprings	The charges won't stick, but it will at least keep him busy until you win the title.

Tiffy	And what about Miss Meyers? Nightsprings	That was simple. I called in a favor from the fire chief. He phoned her say her house was burning down.

Miss Meyers	What?

Tiffy	Nice work, Dad. (cont'd) (filtered) With the Dean and Miss Meyers out of the picture... (cont'd) (normal voice) ..who will be left to crown me the winner?

Nightsprings	I got the Board of Regents to authorize a young couple from my staff to drive up there and make the selection.

Tiffy	Doesn't that smack of collusion? 
 
Nightsprings	Darlin', why spoil the beauty of a plan with such negativity?

Tiffy	Okay, so what do I do now? 

Nightsprings	Just wait. They should be up there even as we speak. I told them to look for the Dry Gulch turnoff.

Tiffy	That's the one. 

Nightsprings	They're in a black Firebird... (cont'd) (filtered) ...so look out for them.

Tiffy	I'll keep my eyes open.

Nightsprings	(filtered) I'm sure you will.  (cont'd) (normal voice) Make sure you call me the minute they get there.

Tiffy	Absolutely. I love you, Daddy.

Nightsprings	(filtered) I love you too, honey. What have you got planned for today?

Tiffy	Oh, just hanging out with a friend.

Nightsprings	(filtered) You have a good time, sweetie.

Tiffy	Umm...

Song Lyrics	Good to be alive Great to be alive I was going to fuck Fuck him through and through I was going to suck Suck you like a whore Good to be alive Great to be alive Good to be alive Great to be alive I was going to spread  Now I need it on your bed I was going to lick Let me have that big bad dick Good to be alive Good to be with the kind and you were going to run Like a little tiny runt Good to be alive Great to be alive Good to be alive Great to be alive Good to be alive Great to be alive...

Tiffy	Oh! Oh!

Song Lyrics	Good to be alive Great to be alive I was going to flash for that little extra cash I was going to lube So we can screw my boobs Fuck (echoes) Fuck (echoes)

Tiffy	Oh! Oh!

Song Lyrics	Fuck (echoes) Fuck (echoes)

Tiffy	Oh! Oh!

Song Lyrics	Pounding Fucking lubed right Just lick that pounding box That's all I know how to do it Ah...Fuck (echoes) Fuck (echoes) I want to be alive Fuck my  knockers I want to be alive You want more? I want to be alive I want to be a slut A big ho' I want to be alive Let's try it I want to be alive I want it! I want to be alive A little slut I want to be alive Want some love I want to be alive I need to fuck I want to be alive Again, again...

Tiffy	Oh! Oh!

Song Lyrics	I want to be alive Such a Countess I want to be alive So let's cum I want to be alive Ah, show me your nasty side (echoes) 
 
Blonde	We’re lost, aren’t we honey?

Sue's Boyfriend	We’re not lost. Come on. Give me the map.

Blonde	Find your way yet, “Sinbad”?

Sue's Boyfriend	Take it easy, honey. I’ll figure it out.
 
Blonde	Uh, we’re lost, and like all men, you’re too proud to stop and ask directions at the gas station we passed.

Sue's Boyfriend	Look, we’re not lost. We just missed a turn, that’s all. Why don’t you try your cell phone?

Blonde	(sighs) Okay…nothing, honey.

Sue's Boyfriend	I think we’re close. We just need to go back a bit.

Blonde	What’s the rush? We got an hour. Why don’t we stay awhile and check out the scenery?

Sue's Boyfriend	Why not? That sounds good. Blonde	(laughs) It’s pretty.

Blonde	Hey, let’s go up that hill and take a better look.

Sue's Boyfriend	Sounds like a good idea. Blonde (laughs) (sighs) Wow, this is fantastic. Blonde Yeah, I love it up here. You know, something about the great outdoors kinda makes me a little…

Blonde	Umm, horny?

Sue's Boyfriend	You got the “husker off my corn” don’t ya?

Blonde	Oh, God... (cont'd) Oh, yeah...oh...oh, yes...oh! Oh, God...Oh! Ah! Oh, fuck. Oh, fuck...Ah...Oh...

Tiffy	Anyone see a black Firebird pull in here? Well, if you do, tell the driver I'm a tad bit irritated.

Angie	There ain't no car coming, bitch.

Tiffy	And you know this how...?

Angie	Because Daddy's people were diverted. Because it's finally time. Because now, it' just you and me, girl -- cheerleader versus coed. And may the better chick live. I've got this. Don't worry.

Tiffy	You beat me, fair and square. You truly are "Miss Scholastic Hottie".

Angie	Glad you finally figured that out.

Tiffy	Go ahead, finish me off. One bullet oughta do it. You're not gonna leave me here to suffer are you? Just shoot. One slug, I'll be off to the big sorority house in the sky.

Angie	You're not dying, Tiffy.

Tiffy	What do you mean?

Angie	I didn't shoot you with no lead bullet.

Tiffy	Then what?

Angie	(blows) They call it a "love dart".

Tiffy	You mean?
 
Angie	That's right. You're mine.

Tiffy	Umm...

Angie	So what did you think, I was actually gonna kill her? Hell, this isn't the Western Channel, this is late night cable, where everybody wants a happy ending. Hope you get yours.

Tiffy	Umm...

Angie/Tiffy	(laugh)

Song Lyrics	Bounce (echoes) Uh-huh... (laughs) Bounce (echoes) Uh-huh... (laughs) Bouncing...boobies Bouncing...boobies Bouncing...boobies Bouncing...boobies Some man calls you a sweetheart, ass- butt naked, playing a part, Horny man, he calls you a hooker, grabs a titty, wants to fuck her. You want off, but not that way, this will be the “B.J.” day, calling his dick a monster play, better crap shoot, he’s a Hollywood sway. Getting slimed in a spew of goop, still you run with the lesbo group. Your other doll, sits at home, while you’re out, fucking to Rome. Flash! Pass it to hot chicks, now you’re in a porno flick. Hot and horny, wish he’d lick your pinky toe that you call Dick. Mounting up a hump-back push-up bra, let’s do it right here, and break the law. Oh, Bouncing...boobies Bouncing...boobies All about nasty me, hunting a babe with double “D’s”, and a pair of guys, just for these, visual sucking and nipple tease. May I kiss your double “D’s”? let’s just French, nice and slow, sniff my panties, I’ll have a go, sucking tits, I won’t say no. Big, big boobies get big cocks, between the tits with hard knocks. Girl-on-girl with big boob thrill, on all four, Republicans drill. Touch my, lick my, suck my bouncing boobies. Bouncing...boobies Bouncing...boobies Mounting up a hump-back push-up bra, let’s do it right here, and break the law. Oh, Bouncing...boobies Bouncing...boobies... Bouncing...boobies Bouncing...boobies Bounce... (laughs) Bounce... (laughs) Bouncing...boobies Bouncing...boobies Mounting up a hump-back push-up bra, let’s do it right here, and break the law. Oh, Bouncing...boobies Bouncing...boobies...(laughs) Bouncing...boobies Bouncing...boobies Mounting up a hump-back push-up bra, let’s do it right here, and break the law. Oh, Bouncing...boobies Bouncing...boobies...Oh...Oh... Bouncing...boobies Bouncing...boobies Bounce...(echoes)
 
Miss Meyers	(sighs)

Dean Martin	I'm innocent I tell ya! I'm innocent! 
 






 

(THE END)
 

