radio static	D.J. It's a beautiful sunny afternoon here in the Cowboy state. We got partly cloudy skies clearing by sundown and for you stargazers tonight, the Geminid meteor shower is set to put on a once-in-a-life show between pm and : am. so set your sights to the North-Northeast high in the sky. The National Weather Service says temps could dip into the mid-s, so you got a beautiful night to sit out with a sweetheart, kick back, and put something on the grill. And here's a fun fact from Wyoming's Meteor Research Center at Hopkin's 

Air Force base	only twice in the shower's history have we seen a shower lastinglonger than two hours,and this one goes late, late into the night,so it sounds like it'sgoing to be quite a show.Don't go to bed early! And I didn't know this, but ourweather men is saying to me that these falling stars are actually debris from an asteroid that orbits the sun every year-and-a half... It's named... how do you pronounce this? "Fay-eh-thoon?" Phaethon, is that it? Sounds close enough. So, we won't be ableto see that tonight butplenty of shooting stars will be dancing across the sky.Keep it cool, keep it fun,keep it safe.Definitely be readyfor a fireworks displayfrom Mother Nature to gowith your rock n roll.Currently  degrees and ajam-packed line-up at KYOS...

Reporter	What began as excitement has turned to concern in rural Wyoming this morning. Reports have been flooding in from NORAD and the International Space Station of some unusual activity related to a meteor shower mostly-viewable in the Northern U .S. Observatories around the  world are coordinating efforts to assure the meteor that made ground late yesterday was one isolated incident. Mount Wilson Observatory in Southern California is closely monitoring a group of  meteors. They want to reassure the public that there is at this pointno cause for alarm and that they are keeping a close eye on the shower as it intensifies.

Mara	Notches road, Notches road. Let me know when you see it.

Reporter	Stand by for more breaking news and reports here on KYOS Wyoming.

Kurt	Next dirt road on the right.

Mara	Why do meteors always land in the middle of nowhere? I hate those country roads.

Kurt	I think we are here.

Meredith	 years, I'm like,my great-grandfather built that barn, you know? It's all I had. It's all the money I have.

Kurt	Let's see what we got here, huh? Well, let's go say hi. How you doing, guys?

Brian	Hello. Hi, hi.

Mara	Officer Pritchard.

Brian	Nice to meet you.

Kurt	Kurt.

Brian	Yeah, at first I thought it was a jet from the Air Force Base that caught on fire or maybe it was a missile that flew out of control. But until we got your call to shelter in place, this town was in a panic.

Kurt	Yeah, well, that's understandable. A meteor traveling  times the speed of sound will frighten anybody. So are you the poor woman that just got her house destroyed?

Meredith	Yeah.

Brian	Uh, yeah. She was pretty shook up, but she keeps mentioning how happy she is that you guys are located just a couple miles up the road.

Meredith	Yeah, are you the folks that study the, uh, UFOs?

Kurt	Uh, no. We actually study meteors.

Brian	Meredith, this is Dr. Kurt Siegel. He's from the base. He's their lead meteorologist.

Meredith	That's for weather, Brian.

Kurt	Actually, we're called meteorists. Those weather people claimed that cool name, unfortunately, so here we are.

Meredith	Oh, yeah. I mean, this was my house. I just put in fresh juniper bushes. That explosion even fried my radio.

Kurt	So do you mind if we go ahead and take a closer look at things?

Meredith	Yeah, feel free. It's a sad sight. Come on.

Brian	All right, this way. Watch your step. Just got to go around here. There's too much damage on the other side. All right now. Watch your step here. It's kinda tricky. Here.

Meredith	Okay. All right. So it came from right over here and crashed the top of my house and landed right over there.

Kurt	Go ahead.

Meredith	Here, watch yourself. Watch it.

Brian	All right. Watch your step. Watch yourself. Look at that.

Kurt	Well, this doesn't make sense.

Meredith	What?

Kurt	The size of it. It's way too big. 

Meredith	Why? What did you expect?

Kurt	About a fraction of this. That's about six foot. What do you think, Mara? If this was the size of an actual missile, what would it do?

Mara	Well, Geminids travel what? , or , miles an hour?

Kurt	That's right.

Mara	Okay. Well, even without a payload, a small ICBM would generate the force equivalent to a ton of TNT. I mean, this size... Speed? This whole town should be gone.

Kurt	Shit.

Meredith	How do you explain that, doc?

Kurt	I'm not sure. The only plausible explanation is that this meteor was traveling at a much slower speed than it should have. We'll need a second opinion on this. I gotta make a call. Hey, Gwen, it's Siegel. Yes, I'm at that crash site. There are a few things that just don't add up here. I think we could really use your expertise. Oh, you're on your way? Good. Because I need you and Beth down here STAT to run some element profiles. I can't figure out for the life of me how this thing survived the atmosphere... or if there will be more. We're gonna need to dig into this thing. I hope you have your field kit. Okay, see you in a minute.

Mara	She asked if we could take the helicopter to save time. And I told her we're not breaking transport protocol ever again.

Kurt	Please don't tell me you taught her how to fly a helicopter. I had a heart attack when I found out you taught her how to fly a jet.
Brian	Boy, I wish I had a chauffer to fly me around in a helicopter. 

Mara	Title's Heavy Weapons Analyst. But, yeah, I can get people where they need to go from time to time.

Kurt	Especially if they wanna blow stuff up.

Brian	My apologies.

Mara	To be fair, I did teach Gwen the basics of flying an F-. And I told her the next time we're up, she can take the controls.So is Michael coming with her? 

Kurt	Michael? No. It's just her and Beth. They're here.

Mara	Yeah. 

Kurt	Gwen, I understand your husband's a hot shot colonel now at the base. But we do still need you in the field from time to time.

Gwen	Sorry I'm late. Beth is with us today.

Kurt	Beth, good to see you.

Gwen	Yeah. So, no, I'm late because I had to start the spectral imaging process. 

Kurt	I told you that was unnecessary, Gwen. My predictive models call this a meteor shower.

Gwen	Yeah, well, we should talk about that.

Kurt	Yeah, we should. You gotta take a look at this.

Gwen	Okay. Kurt, did you happen to see all those dead birds in the drive in this morning?

Kurt	Yeah. That's not uncommon in a meteor shower.

Gwen	Yeah, no, but it seemed different.

Kurt	Gwen, what is it?

Gwen	Beth, would you mind giving us a moment? Thanks. Kurt, I'm telling you, I'm concerned about this meteor cloud's density. If four objects aggregated from the center, it could indicate something much larger, more dangerous that's affecting them.
Kurt	Gwen, I understand you're being cautious because of Russia but I ran a complete threat matrix and everything looked fine.

Gwen	Yeah, but what if we were wrong about Phaeton's disappearance in that solar storm?

Kurt	After that asteroid's last perihelion, it never came back out from behind the sun. That was the biggest solar shower in decades.

Gwen	Unless we just can't see it.

Kurt	Can't see it. Gwen, no. Gwen, come on. The crater's this way.

Gwen	Beth?

Kurt	So, Gwen, Beth, this is Brian and next to him is Meredith, the unfortunate home owner. Hey, Brian, Meredith, this is our lead astrophysicist.

Meredith	Oh, my God! Gwen Armstrong! I read all about you in Wired Magazine.

Brian	Looks like you have a fan.

Meredith	Oh, God, I'm so sorry about what happened to those poor people who got injured in Chelyabinsk, Russia.

Gwen	Thank you.

Meredith	I've read every single one of your books. Seriously.When I saw it happen on TV after your prediction, I felt so sad, you know? And it said that the U.S. got the coordinates completely wrong. And by the time they warned the Russians, it was just too late. Was that you? Were you the one who got the coordinates completely wrong?

Gwen	That was me.

Meredith	I'm sorry. Sorry that it happened.

Gwen	Thank you. Thank you for your kind words.

Kurt	Hey, Brian, Meredith? Can I borrow you guys for a second? I want you to tell me all about what you saw when that meteor struck, yeah? Hey, Mara, why don't you go radio base and tell them we'll be here about another hour?

Mara	Copy that.

Beth	You okay?

Gwen	Yeah. I just want to get this sample. But if I'm being completely honest... this whole Russia thing is still haunting me. Sorry. I don't mean to dump all of this on you. I know you're here just to learn.

Beth	Uh... Dr. Armstrong?

Gwen	Mm-hm?

Beth	I don't mean to overstep my bounds.But for what it's worth, your theories are taught all over the world. Your husband, Michael, just got promoted for helping redesign a nuclear launch systemand you get to work with him every day. If I even had a fraction of those things, I'd think my life was pretty incredible.

Gwen	Thank you, for all of that. Okay, it's time to focus on the task at hand, huh? All right. So I need you to put these on. I want you to monitor the meteor cloud as I take the sample.

Beth	I've never done this before.

Gwen	You said you want to work in this industry, right?

Beth	Absolutely.

Gwen	Well, right now we need to make sure that this meteor shower isn't a meteor storm or something more dangerous. Okay, put these on. I'll walk you through it. Okay, so the first setting is just your basic telescope that you look through the lens. The second rendering closes the aperture and gives you areal VR rendering from the Pentagon's database in real time. Here you go. Try that on.

Beth	Oh, wow! This is incredible! It's like I'm standing above earth's orbit.

Gwen	Yeah. Pretty cool. And the third setting just freezes the frame and gives you an interactive model. But you don't need to worry about that right now. What I need from you is to tell me if you see meteor dust in the center of that meteor cloud or if it's something solid like an object.

Beth	Oh, it kind of just looks like a blob, like it keeps shifting and changing around. But I can't really focus on it.

Gwen	Okay. Well, reach out your hand and pull up the menu bar on the right hand side. Squeeze your wrist and open it up, okay? And what is the density in the center of that meteor cloud?

Beth	Um, six objects per square mile.

Gwen	Six?

Beth	Yes, it says six.

Gwen	Do you remember how to do a process?

Beth	Yeah, I can do that.

Gwen	Okay, okay. Okay. There you go.

Kurt	Hey, Gwen? What's the ETA on that sample?

Gwen	Uh,  seconds.

Kurt	Okay.

Beth	I don't understand why he keeps rushing you. Maybe if he'd given you more time on your spectral imaging theory in Russia, all of those people wouldn't have gotten hurt.
Gwen	No. I had enough time.

Beth	But your spectral imaging theory revolutionized the way we do things in the industry. I mean... 
Gwen	Do you remember that asteroid that we found off the observatory in Hawaii?

Beth	Yeah, it was , miles off of earth.

Beth	Mm-hm. Well, we found it because of Kurt's algorithms. He's the best at projecting algorithms. What's that process say?

Beth	% iron and % silicates. Both iron and silicates are fully crystallized. But if Dr. Siegel ran his algorithm tests on something better, something worthwhile like the Braeburg Effect?

Gwen	I don't think that Anton Braeburg is someone that you should want to model your career after. He's kind of a laughing stock of the science community right now. Okay. Hey, what's the core temperature?

Beth	 degrees.

Gwen	Are you sure?

Beth	Yeah, it says .

Gwen	Um, okay. We've got to take another sample. That can't be right.

Kurt	Hey, Gwen, how we coming on that sample?

Gwen	Uh,  seconds.

Kurt	What is that, Gwen?

Gwen	It's a composite drill, It's a a combination of a diamond and a laser. It can cut through anything. We've got to get this back to base immediately.

Gwen	You okay?

Beth	Yeah.

Mara	Hey, guys! A.M.S. site just reported meteor made ground fall  miles due south. We gotta go. Come on. We have to get to base now!

Gwen	This is much worse than we thought.

Kurt	I'll check in with NWS.

Gwen	No! Oh, no!

Mara	You okay?

Kurt	I'm fine! I'm fine! Just get us out of here! Go! Get us out of here. Where's Gwen? Where's Gwen? Gwen! Gwen! Come on!

Gwen	Kurt!

Kurt	Where did you get this car?

Mara	Owner got killed by a meteorite.

Kurt	Go, go, go!

Gwen	No! Oh, no. Beth is back there. No, Beth! Beth is back there! We gotta go back!

Kurt	Beth is gone, Gwen! Gwen, Beth is gone. Leave her! Damn it. There's no signal. There's no signal anywhere! Mara, what do you got? What do you know?

Mara	Last update I got was one minute ago.Meteor strike outside of Dublin. This thing's global.

Kurt	Oh, my God. Do you have anything?

Gwen	No, the network's jammed. You know what? Let me try the satellite radio.

Gwen	Oh, my God! Reverse! Reverse! Go back!

Kurt	Go, go, go!

Gwen	Go! Good, good, good.

Kurt	Mara!

Mara	Okay, that was close. Everybody take a breath. We're okay.

Gwen	We made it. Okay. You okay?

Kurt	Yeah.

Kurt	Guys, if the ground fall spans the entire hemisphere, there's no way the Pentagon got off a full response, no way.

Mara	You know, they're definitely gonna add a Level Five nuke strike for good measure.

Kurt	Probably.

Gwen	Well, if they've already launched Level Five, then we're too late. Because those meteors will detonate those nukes long before it'll reach the asteroid. Then we'll have nothing left to destroy it.

Kurt	What about NASA, JPL, GSS? They've had to have seen something!

Gwen	No one can see it. It's hidden inside the meteor cloud. Remember? It's the needle in a haystack.

Kurt	I know.

Gwen	Hey, we just need to get there and we need to tell them to stop a Level Five.

Kurt	Stop a Level Five? They're not gonna react to us. They're gonna think we're giving flawed data because of Russia! And if we need proof, we don't have it.

Mara	So what are we gonna do?

Kurt	I don't know, Mara. This contradicts my entire threat matrix.  I'm at a loss. Gwen, help me out!

Gwen	Okay. First things first, okay? We have to make sure that they launch the EMOD, okay. The evacuations, meteor shield, the ordinance and the orbital drones, okay? And then, Kurt, you know what?I want you to take that this. Flag the center of the mass in the meteor cloud. Mark it as an APB and let all the departments know. At least that'll give them a fighting chance at least of IDing it. 

Kurt	I got it. Got it.

Gwen	Okay? Good. Okay, keep driving.

Mara	And Level Five?

Gwen	As far as Level Five, Kurt's right. They're not gonna delay a threat response. And if we want them to stop the launch then, the data needs to come from somebody else, someone like Michael. He's now Lieutenant Colonel and he's got nuclear defense clearances.

Mara	Yeah, but even if the order comes down from him, he still has to get vetted by Singh who's at base.

Kurt	Yeah, and Singh's not stupid. He's gonna know that order is coming from you, Gwen.

Gwen	Not if he breaks the chain of command and goes straight to the Pentagon, okay? There's no vetting, there's no agencies, there's no red tape.

Mara	Michael still blames me for Russia, Gwen. He's gonna think your breaking protocol to save time for some back intel I gave you.

Gwen	Look, we all know whose fault Russia was. It wasn't yours. I love him, but today he's just gonna have to get over it.

Kurt	Yeah, well, what if Michael's unable to do it?

Gwen	Well, if he's unable to do it, then you know what? I'm going to take the spec rendering straight to the Colonel, straight to the Command room right at base.

Kurt	Right.

Gwen	We have to stop this launch, okay? So just get us to the base and I'll get the proof.

Mara	Yes, ma'am.

Kurt	We'll get you there.

Gwen	Michael?

Michael	Gwen?

Gwen	There's a two-mile wide asteroid hidden inside this meteor storm. We've got approximately two hours and  minutes until it hits. Any nuclear response needs to be saved to strike the asteroid.

Michael	Gwen, you know I can't do that. Colonel Singh has to approve any protocol changes. I mean, I can flag incoming threats on the defense database system. But I need a commanding officer to clear it.

Gwen	But none of the other agencies can see the asteroid! Michael, this is the worst case scenario. The only reason I know it's there is because I was able to examine this morning's meteorite.

Mara	What is that?

Gwen	Meteor debris.

Kurt	Shouldn't be that big.

Gwen	It is. Oh, my gosh! It's creating a dust cloud. Keep going! Keep driving! 


Mara	No, no, no, no, no! Damn it!

Gwen	Oh, no.

Kurt	Oh, no.

Michael	Are you okay? What's going on?

Gwen	Yeah, yeah, I'm okay. It's just that our vehicle stalled. Meteor debris choked out the engine.

Kurt	Oh, no.

Mara	Damn it!

Kurt	Well, let's go fix it.

Mara	Okay...Okay, okay.

Kurt	What do you think it is?

Mara	It's the belt chain.

Kurt	Belt chain.

Mara	Okay.

Michael	Gwen, you gotta get out of there right now. This meteor storm is escalating! The DOD has already approved a Level Five launch and there's gonna be a meteor shower right in your area. Get out!

Gwen	Michael, listen to me. I can't stop this nuke strike, but you can. Defense protocols are cleared for rank Lieutenant Colonel and above. Okay, call General Ambrose at the Pentagon and tell him it was you who personally identified this as an asteroid. We have to save the nukes for the asteroid!

Michael	I'm not gonna lie to a commanding officer!

Gwen	It isn't a lie. It's a mass inside a cloud that you or anyone can see easily on radar. It just hasn't been IDed as an asteroid yet. The observatories can't tell what it is and the DOD isn't listening to me.

Michael	Is this from some intelthat Mara gave you?

Gwen	No, Michael. You can confirm it personally. It's as if you've captured the dimensions through spectral imaging, okay?

Michael	You're asking me to stop a nuclear strike in mid-launch? We're gonna leave the whole planet vulnerable to a meteor storm.

Gwen	If you launch that strike, this storm will detonate every one of those nukes before it reaches the asteroid. Only use conventional weapons on the meteors. The drones have plasma cannons that can melt tanks. And the satellite missiles ? Well, they're bunker busters. And the meteor shield is woven crystallized carbon. 

Michael	And if the nukes strike in the upper atmosphere, we're talking fallout on a global scale.

Gwen	At its current heading, the nukes will strike it right outside the mesosphere. Fallout will be high enough just like any other nuclear test.

Michael	Gwen... I could go to prison for the rest of my life. We both could.

Gwen	There's no time! Break the chain of command! Okay? You have to stop this launch! Michael, you have to believe me!

Michael	What's our mark?

Gwen	Two hours, minutes, south-southwest. I love you.

Michael	I love you.

Kurt	So you're a mechanic. That's nice.

Mara	I got it.

Kurt	You got it.

Mara	Right. Yeah, come on.

Emergency Broadcast System	 This just in: the Geological Society of America is now weighing in on the growing threat of what is now being called a "Meteor Storm". Reported gravitational anomalies and impact zones are stirring up geologic activity, including hot zones of volcanic activity in our national parks. Carbon dioxide, monoxide and methane levels in the atmosphere are spiking nationwide. This is beginning to impact the wildlife in the area, with reported injuries and deaths being seen as far north as Canada. The Department of Defense is involved as well as the U.N. and NATO in preparation for a potential nuclear strike on the meteor storm. Standby by for further instructions from the Emergency  Broadcast System and in the meantime, plase remain indoors.

General Ambrose	 Wyoming! I just received a terminate signal from you! Hang on! I'm putting you on com! There had better be a good reason for this!

Michael	Sir, this is Lieutenant Colonel Michael Armstrong, sir. Under Colonel Singh in Wyoming. I have full confirmation of an incoming NEObacked by radar GSS. Incoming coordinates outlined by radar are as follows that's ID number  Phaeton, vector southwest, sir. Sir, we need to stop Level Five countdown immediately and retain as a defense against the asteroid.

General Ambrose	We did not copy, Lieutenant! Repeat, we did not copy!

Michael	I repeat! We have an incoming NEO! It will strike in T-minus two hours,  minutes, sir!

General Ambrose	We are aware of the meteor storm, Lieutenant. However, your alarm regards a global response. Is this signed off by Colonel Singh?

Michael	Colonel Singh is responding directly to a situation in the field, sir.But I have direct orders from the colonel to terminate Level Five, sir.

General Ambrose	Lieutenant, we have all EMODs active!

Michael	Terminate Level Five, sir.

General Ambrose	We are confirmed on the meteor threat, Lieutenant!

Michael	I re... abort le... Five, sir! Level Five, abort! Do you copy, General?

General Ambrose	We are initiat Colonel Singh	Nice of you to join us, Lieutenant Armstrong.

Michael	Apologies, sir. It won't happen again. Daniels, what's the status on the meteor shower?

Daniels	Incoming, Vector , Delta , Kentucky. Incoming. Vector , Epsilon , South Dakota.

Daniels	Washington confirms drones are in place, meteor shield deployed, orbital missiles engaged.  Level Five Strike at T minus three minutes.

Daniels	We have a terminate switch active on our global response, sir. Is this accurate? Singh This phone's dead. Get me Ambrose on the line.

Michael	Yes, sir.

Singh	This is gonna be a long day, Daniels. Armstrong, what's the status on that phone?

Michael	IT is working on it, sir. We should be back up in a few minutes. Singh	We are still on track for launch. Nuclear response in T minus  minutes  seconds. Even if we can't get in touch with the Pentagon, we are following our last known orders. Daniels, check the targeting array is still aligned.
Daniels	Sir, we have a full system crash in the western half of the U.S.! - Colonel, we just severed our apparatus to the Pentagon. Our missile systems for the whole region are failing.
Daniels	Sir, what did you do?

Singh	Lieutenant Armstrong, step away from the comand disarm now!  Private Daniels, get DOD back online to initiate that launch right now.
Daniels	Sir, all of our coms are down.Our landline and backup feed are down. Lieutenant Colonel Armstrong crashed the system, sir.
Singh	Subdue him now! Get the system back online! Daniels, get me communication with the Pentagon now.
Daniels	It's our new guidance system, sir! Armstrong cut off half the country, and a meteor just struck our base's satellite dish, sir.
Singh	Okay. Repair the dish and run an auxiliary patch straight to our ground lines. You may have just killed millions of people. Stick him in Holding or I'll kill him myself.
Michael	Colonel! I had no choice but to cancel the Level Five!

Singh	You just severed our defenses to a global threat! I confirm when to call off a nuclear strike! I will skin him alive for this! Captain Thomas	Sir, EMOD live and engaging targets. All nuclear capable countries have confirmed participation Level Five.

Ambrose	Give me a Level Five mark.

Private Richards	 We are live. Target's engaged.

Singh	Okay. Give me a real time kill ratio. Keep me appraised Level Five.

Daniels	Standing by for kill ratio and Level Five standing by.

Singh	Have we restored communication with the Pentagon?

Richards	ETA,  seconds, sir.

Daniels	EMOD kill ration at % and climbing. %. %.

Kurt	Gwen, check with VR, see what's happening. Did the meteor shield deploy?

Gwen	Mm-hmm.

Kurt	Looks like we still have  incoming meteors!

Thomas	Level Five launch in T minus

Kurt	Gwen? The meteors are still coming through. What's going on out there?

Gwen	All batteries are deployed. Defense systems are firing but that's not enough. Oh, shoot.

Captain Howe	Phalanx one through four down!

Captain Guzman	Phalanx eight through  down!

Ambrose	Launch orthogonal  degrees!

Thomas	Sir, nuclear assets in the entire western hemisphere are offline. It seems like they've been crashed from a program out of Wyoming.

Ambrose	Do we have backup? Launch backup as soon as it's live!

Kurt	Gwen, what's the status on that response?

Gwen	Only % of the meteors have been destroyed.

Kurt	Twelve percent.

Gwen	Still no sign of the nukes.

Guzman	East Coast backup system is restored! T minus  and launch.

Thomas	East Coast is go.

Howe	Russia is go! India is go!

Thomas	U.S. arsenal, %.

Gwen	No! No, no, no, no! 

Kurt	What? What? What? What is it?

Gwen	The nukes. They've detonated the nukes! I have VR confirmation that they've launched from the East Coast along with all the other nuclear countries! This is Dr. Armstrong. Come in.

Singh	What's our percen tage of airborne nuclear missiles? Daniels	%. All other countries have launched their full arsenal.
Singh	Orbital weapons?

Daniels	All ordinance and dronesare completely destroyed. We've also lost four out of  of our communication satellites. The only thing we have left is the shield, sir.
Singh	Yeah?


Gwen	Michael, why did you let them launch the nukes?
Singh	Dr. Armstrong, your husband has been arrested for a breach of national security. His attempt to take down the nuclear guidance system was stopped but we were only able to fire half our payload.

Gwen	Colonel, sir? I assure you that Michael was just forwarding the message

Singh	If you're involved in any way in any of this, you will never see light of day again. Now return to base immediately  and report to me in Command.

Gwen	Michael's been arrested and Singh wants me to report to the Command Center as soon as we arrive.

Mara	But you can't report to Singh! If he has you arrested, you're done! We're all done!

Kurt	Mara's absolutely right. I can run predictive algorithms all day long. But spectral imaging, that is your area of expertise, Gwen. By the time I compile the data, it would be too late.

Gwen	Here's what we're gonna do. As soon as we arrive at the security checkpoint, I want you to report your injuries. Under Code Blue, they cannot arrest any injured personnel.

Kurt	Right.

Mara	They'll definitely have MPs looking for you all over the medical bay. 

Gwen	I imagine they will, but I'll find my way to the lab, okay? I'll get the proof and I'll meet Singh in Command Center.

Kurt	Got it.

Gwen	Defense alarm. Hey, what have we got? No! No, no, no.

Private Gordon	The strike is complete, sir. All nuclear we apons from all countries have detonated in orbit, sir.

Singh	What's our kill percentage?

Gordon	%, sir.

Singh	What? That's not possible!

Daniels	Meteor shield taking heavy fire, sir! Sir, the entire shield's coming apart!

Singh	Son of a bitch.

Kurt	I'm good, I'm good, I'm good. Let's go. Where is everybody? Why are there no guards?

Mara	It's protocol to secure all personnel inside the facility during a launch.

Gwen	Looks like the cameras are down. Thanks, Michael.

Mara	Code Blue! Where's the OR? MP: OR? Why? What happened? 

Kurt	Please! I've lost a lot of blood! MP: How? What happened?

Kurt	I was hit by a meteor!

Mara	Come on! We don't have time!

MP	Where do you need to go?

Kurt	 OR!

MP	Come on. Code orange is now in effect. All medical personnel report to your designated emergency response locations.

Kurt	I'm all right, I'm all right. Oh, God, I should wrap this up. Yeah, I'm okay. Don't worry about me. Give us a minute, please!

Mara	Thank you.

Kurt	I'm fine, I'm fine. Just get the gauze. Wrap me up. We gotta go. Just grab anything. What's wrong with you? 

Mara	I'm fine.

Kurt	Mara, what happened?

Mara	I'm fine. All right, come here. You have to help me.

Kurt	Hold on.

Mara	All right.

Kurt	Are you sure you're all right?

Mara	Okay. Sit down. I'm sorry.

Kurt	It's all right. Just a quick wrap. We gotta go.

Mara	I know.

Kurt	Mara, you sure you're all right?

Mara	I'm fine.

Kurt	Hey, thank you.

Mara	Yeah. We have to go talk to Colonel Singh. Are you okay?

Kurt	Yeah. Let's go see Singh.

Gwen	Okay, all right. Let's get you going. Pop up. Where's the screen here? There. All right, so... That's good. And these coordinates. Nine... Okay. This database. Around the meteor cloud, the density. Let's find you. 

Singh	Officer Pritchard. Dr. Siegel.

Mara	Colonel Singh, sir.

Singh	As soon as the storm passes, we will be disbanding your department. The incoming is so heavy, we can barely get damage report from the field.

Kurt	Colonel, sir! Dr. Armstrong thought the threat was big enough.

Singh	She doesn't give orders! I give orders! Where is Gwen Armstrong?

Kurt	Sir, she left us as soon as we arrived.

Singh	Well, she needs to be here at this com to be questioned by me personally! People are dead and dying, Dr. Siegel!

Mara	Sir.

Singh	Officer Pritchard?

Mara	Sir, I've been working the field with Dr. Armstrong for over seven years now and her input concerning this storm is critical to our survival.

Singh	Mm-hm. I'm aware of your work with Dr. Armstrong. Her husband hasn't been shy about reporting your failures in Russia.

Gwen	Here... There. There you are. There you are. Yep. I knew it! Okay, okay. Yep.

Singh	You know what? Gwen Armstrong has been flagged as a national security risk. And I cannot have her wandering this base.

Kurt	Colonel, sir, you must let her complete her testing before you speak

Singh	Dr. Siegel, I respect you and I'm trying to respect your team. But after the Russia in cident and today's failed orbit defense, you are no longer cleared to advise this base. Are you with me?

Singh	Where's the power reserve?

Daniels	The last impact carried an electromagnet pulse! The reserve power's offline, sir. Engineering's en route right now to repair it.

Singh	And the communications?

Daniels	Engineering's running a dedicated line to both the dish and the Command Center that goes all the way to D.C. Engineering's doing their best right now. 

Kurt	Sir, please. Detaining Gwen is a grave mistake. No one is more steeped in this research than she is.

Singh	We are dealing with global threats right now, not on Gwen Armstrong's latest free-association. You're team is relieved.

Gwen	It's an asteroid! I have proof, undeniable proof. I just needed to wait for the information to come in to create a spectral image.

Singh	There over  observatory ies.

Gwen	The observatories can't see it. And it won't show up on radar until it emerges out of meteor cloud that's covering. And then it's gonna hit earth.

Singh	I don't see how a rainbow reflected back from a meteor cloud can create an image like this, doctor.

Gwen	We kept picking up a dense section on our radar. It failed to yield anything definitive, but I knew that something was acting on these meteors, slowing them down. So I took a sustained spectrometer reading and...

Kurt	There it is.

Singh	So you're telling usthis asteroid is cloaked by its own meteor shower?

Gwen	This is the sun, okay? During it's last perihelion, Phaeton was knocked off course, causing it to go back into the meteor trail. When it finally caught up with the meteors, it exerted its own gravitational force, causing the meteors to slow down and making them safe to actually enter into our own atmosphere, which is what's causing the meteor storm outside. So even if we were to destroy all of the meteors, we still have a mile asteroid to destroy.

Singh	Where will it strike?

Gwen	Difficult to say,which is why Dr. Siegel has run a sequencing algorithm. Kurt?

Kurt	Its trajectory places it on the northernmost tip of Manitoba, , miles west of the bay. Fortunately, I was able to upload its vectorto a priority list before the last power outage.

Singh	It's far from a populated are a.

Mara	That doesn't matter, sir. The force will be equivalent to one million Hiroshimas.

Singh	So that's why you fought so hard to stop Level Five?

Gwen	Exactly. Now with what we have, we need a surgical response.

Singh	Surgical?

Gwen	Mara?

Mara	We have about , warheads left. At megatons each, that's , megatons, , per stage of attack.

Gwen	Good. So it hasn't reached a million megatons yet. We need to use half of our remaining nukes to dissipate the meteor cloud, then shoot the other half straight at the asteroid to destroy it.

Daniels	Sir, we're back online. All systems are active.

Singh	Daniels, you need to get Joe Ambrose on the phone.  And, you, go get your husband.

Gwen	Copy that. Michael?

Michael	Oh my God. What are you doing here?

Gwen	Oh, God. I was so scared.

Michael	I was so afraid you got hurt out there. Is there any update?

Gwen	They need you in Command. We've proven that there's an asteroid.

Michael	Is Colonel Singh working with the Pentagon?

Gwen	He is and he needs you and me, the entire team. Come on.

Michael	Let's go.

Gwen	Let's go.

Thomas	Sir, we just received a priority alert on the data cloud. So has every other major observatory across three continents.

Ambrose	Who's sending this out?

Howe	NASA, JPL, AMS and FEMA just forwarded it from our base in Wyoming. It's a live vectoring model.

Ambrose	What do the vectors target?

Thomas	We don't know, sir. It's a field, sir, with precise measurements, miles, miles, ..

Daniels	I have Ambrose on the line, sir.

Singh	Ah...General Ambrose? It's Colonel Singh. Wyoming. Our research team just confirmed a million megaton, sir. Mm-hm. We have a Near Earth Object with all intel uploaded to DOD's data.

Singh	General! We're calling for a two-stage...

Singh	Phew!

Kurt	General, we have to launch these missiles now! Phaeton's gravitation field is accelerating the meteor shower. It's only gonna get worse!

Mara	This whole place is gonna blow!

Howe	Sir! Wyoming has been hit! Without the orbital shield, Phaethon's projecting meteors straight at us.

Ambrose	Do we have any communication? Gutierrez: Sir, we have a signal, but it keeps cutting in and out.

Ambrose	Colonel Singh wouldn't have called unless he was requesting a severe response. Keep working to get the remaining of our nukes operable. Gutierrez: Copy that, sir.

Michael	All right, the main evacuation rout is this way. Come on. 

Gwen	Oh, we can't leave until we make sure that Ambrose has the proper information.

Michael	We can't stay, Gwen. The base has been compromised. It's too dangerous.ome on!

Gwen	I need to see this through. Okay, I'm not leaving until I'm sure that they're gonna launch everything according to plan. 

Daniels	Sir! Come on! We have to evacuate to Washington now!

Michael	Gwen, we need to leave now. Please?

Gwen	Michael, no!

Michael	You okay?

Gwen	Yeah, yeah. Okay, where do we go?

Michael	Okay. All right, we need to exit back through the Command Room. Come on.

Gwen	Okay. Let's go.

Michael	You okay?

Gwen	Yeah. You? Michael, where's the Control Room?

Michael	Straight this way.

Gwen	All right. We'll go through the wall. 

Michael	We're not going through that wall. That's solid concrete six inches thick.

Gwen	We'll cut straight through with this, hm? Almost there.

Michael	You through?

Gwen	Yep. Go for it.

Michael	Here goes nothing!

Gwen	Yep. Good.

Michael	Nice job. The roof's collapsed here, too. We can get there through the annex bridge. Okay?

Gwen	Yeah. Thanks.

Michael	This way!

Ambrose	Wyoming! Go for Ambrose!

Gwen	General, this is Gwen Armstrong.

Ambrose	Do you have a confirmed target?

Gwen	It's an asteroid, sir. Two-square miles. I've sent you all the data.

Ambrose	What is the ETA to impact?

Gwen	One hour and  minutes. The strike requires a two-step response, % into the meteor cloud and % directly into the asteroid. 

Kurt	No! Gwen!

Michael	Whoa! Babe, you okay?

Gwen	Yeah, yeah, yeah. You?

Michael	Yeah.

Kurt	Go! Get to the entrance! Mara, go, go, go, go!

Michael	Just get to the entrance!

Gwen	I'll come.

Kurt	Colonel, go!

Singh	Go, just go! Go! Help the others, I'm right behind you.

Michael	Gwen, come on, baby!

Gwen	Okay, okay, we're coming.

Singh	Oh, man.

Michael	Come on! Gwen, come on!

Gwen	Here! Take my hand. Come on! Let go of the bag! No! I can lift you!

Singh	I should've listened to you from the start.

Gwen	Oh...

Ambrose	All right, ladies and gentlemen. Our two-mile wide field is an incoming asteroid.

Thomas	Sir, are we talking about the one that disappeared behind the sun? Phaeton?

Ambrose	That's affirmative. We need to use the rest of our nukes on a stage-two Level Five response. We need to set our targeting system so that the first wave of nukes all hit the exact same spot of the meteor cloud.

Thomas	That will create a compound wave to dissipate the cloud and reveal the bigger asteroid so we can target it. That's brilliant, sir!

Ambrose	This is Gwen Armstrong's plan, and yes it is.

Howe	Sir? We just lost two more communication satellites. But we do have communication with other surviving bases.

Ambrose	Prepare for the first wave!

Thomas	Yes, sir.

Ambrose	Stand by! Level Five!

Thomas	Level Five is go. Level Five is go.

Howe	Level Five is go.

Ambrose	% response! Go!

Howe	Heat signature at %, %. Sir, it's working! The cloud is beginning to dissipate. Heat signature one percent.

Ambrose	Level Five, stage two! Target that asteroid. % Go!

Thomas	The asteroid is still intact. The nukes were ineffective, sir. They were unable to make contact with target.

Ambrose	Damn it!

Thomas	Impact estimated at  minutes.

Ambrose	Make sure the President, Congress  and Joint Chiefs of Staff are evacuated to the Doomsday Bunker. Yes, sir! Emergency Broadcast System: We are now being informed that the mission to destroy the incoming asteroid was unsuccessful. A general evacuation order has been issued for the entire East Coast of the United States. We've also received word that the president's motorcade is being redirected to the Raven rock bunker in Pennsylvania. God help us all.

Michael	Gwen? Gwen!

Mara	No! We have to go!

Michael	No! We're not having another Russia incident!

Kurt	Michael, with all due respect, you were not there! She did what she was supposed to be doing.

Michael	Did she? She had  minutes before that order came in to ground those planes!

Mara	Gwen! Are you okay?

Gwen	I gave her the orders, Michael. It was my fault, okay? We were supposed to meet Kurt in Russia! I'm the one that told her to stay behind. It was my fault, Michael. She stayed because of me.

Michael	Well, they didn't have to pin the whole thing on you.

Gwen	Michael...

Mara	Okay! How much time do we have left, Gwen?
Gwen	We have  minutes.

Mara	And we already launched Phase One and Phase Two of the nukes, right? So what's Plan B, guys?

Michael	Plan B is we make our way to the airfield about a mile from here. Now there's two birds on the ground. We evac to safety, all of us!

Gwen	No, no, no. We're not gonna evacuate yet. Look, there could be a solution here. It's a long shot, but it could work. The Braeburg Effect.

Kurt	Braeburg? Come on, Gwen, enough of that! You know he's a laughing stock of our community!

Gwen	Okay, but, Kurt, listen to me, okay? The last few hours, I've been noticing that all this meteor impact has displaced methane into the atmosphere. When you add an electrical force to methane it turns into plasma vapor. Now the tests I took this morning of that meteor, it proves that it has magnetic force. So if we somehow find , megawatts of electricity and create an electrical arc up into the atmosphere, it could actually displace that electromagnetic force and then....

Kurt	And the nukes and the meteors and the asteroid all crashing together.

Gwen	Yes, and destroy them.

Kurt	Okay, I understand that, but where are we gonna get that power, that wattage? We don't have that.

Michael	There's a power plant not far from the airfield. Can we use that?

Gwen	Yes, but we would need some sort of...

Mara	A massive controlled explosion!

Gwen	Exactly.

Mara	One of those F-s has to be stocked with missiles.

Gwen	Okay, okay. Let's go to the hangar! Let's go! Let's go!

Michael	Okay, let's get to the airfield!

Gwen	Let's go! Come on, come on!

Michael	Okay, the base is through the field! Emergency Broadcast System: For those of you at home or hopefully having found shelter, we have an update  from Pentagon officials. Raging fires are widespread throughout North America as a result of the massive meteor shore. Hundreds of thousands of home have been damaged or destroyed. Injuries and deaths are estimated to be in the hundreds. The national weather service is now reporting that this storm is due to a gravitational slowdown from inside of the meteor cloud, caused by two-mile-wide Phaethon asteroid which is due to impact Earth within the hour.

Michael	Come on, guys! Come on! Come on!

Gwen	Come on!

Michael	Let's go! Come on! Let's go, let's go, let's go! Come on! Move it! Move it! Let's go, Kurt. Come on! 

Gwen	Whoa!

Gwen	Come on! Come on! Let's go! This way, this way! Whoa!

Michael	Okay! I can see it! Another  yards and we're there! Let's go! Come on! Move, move, move! Keep moving! Keep moving! Down, down, down! Get down! Down!

Michael	Are you okay?

Gwen	Yes.

Michael	You okay?

Mara	Yeah.

Michael	Okay, okay. Mara, you scour this field. Find that jet. Let's just pray that puppy is armed with striking capabilities.

Mara	I got it.

Michael	Now this incoming we're experiencing, I can only imagine is gonna get worse. So, Kurt, you go with her. You ensure her success, okay?

Kurt	Yeah.

Michael	Okay?

Kurt	Copy that.

Michael	All right. Gwen and I are gonna locate a power source.

Mara	The transformer is on the other side of the airfield, due west.

Michael	Okay, perfect. Meet back here.

Michael	Okay, go! Go! Go! Gwen, come on! Okay, go! Go! Go! Go!

Gwen	Okay, okay.

Michael	Gwen? Come on.

Gwen	There! There it is.

Michael	I see it! Let's go!

Gwen	Okay. Okay, go.

Michael	Okay. Hand me the iPad, Gwen!

Gwen	All right.

Michael	Oh, God!

Gwen	You okay?

Michael	Yeah. Okay.

Gwen	Here you go, Michael. Hold it.


Michael	Okay.

Gwen	You got it?

Michael	Yeah.

Gwen	Okay. Oh!

Gwen	Please make this fast, okay?

Michael	I'm trying, I'm trying, I'm trying. We're in!

Gwen	Okay.

Michael	Okay.My security clearance should give me access to the main grid. Okay, I'm redirecting all kilowatts within a mile radius to transformer .

Gwen	Okay. . What are those coordinates, Michael?

Michael	Give me a minute.

Mara	Ah!

Kurt	Are you okay?

Mara	Are you having fun yet, doc?

Kurt	Am I having fun? You're crazy. Come on. Come on, Mara. Come on. Come on, Mara. Almost there, come on. Okay. You're okay. There's the entrance to the hangar. Let's go, go, go, go!

Michael	Got 'em! Sending to you now!

Gwen	Okay, great.

Michael	You got 'em.

Gwen	Plugging those in, the equation. Let's see if this works. Put that here. Put this... So with that frequency, those coordinates, that dimension, at that speed...

Michael	What do you got, baby?

Gwen	This is gonna work... Michael, it's gonna work.

Michael	Okay.

Michael	Come on, Gwen! Come on!

Gwen	We gotta go! Let's go!

Mara	We're gonna have to taxi this jet.

Kurt	Yeah. Who's the chauffer now? Mara?

Mara	There's no missiles.

Kurt	There's no missiles. We gotta go tell 'em. Let's go tell 'em. Come on. Come on

Damn it. 	Come on.

Gwen	Mara! Kurt!

Mara	F-, end of the tarmac. % fuel.

Michael	It's okay.

Mara	Gwen, there's no missiles.

Michael	Shit!

Gwen	Um...

Kurt	That's it.

Gwen	What? 

Kurt	It's over. There's nothing we can do.

Mara	There's got to be. Okay.

Kurt	There's nothing left we can do! 

Gwen	The jet becomes the missile. By taking off, the jet becomes the missile. I just take off and fly it straight up into the air and come down at Mach speed to that electrical plant and hit it right in the center.. .

Kurt	Gwen, what are you talking about? No one's getting inside that jet! That's a suicide mission! And you know what? There's gotta be another way!

Michael	You're n t thinking straight.

Kurt	No. No one's getting into that jet! It's over. Just get me into the sat com. I'll figure it out. Just link to help me back up with the nukes.

Michael	Okay, you can do that through the computer.  

Gwen	Here we go. The fuel is at %.

Kurt	Gwen? Gwen!

Michael	Gwen! Gwen!

Mara	Michael stop, she's gone.

Kurt	Her best bet will be to parachute into an open field

Michael	We gotta get to an open field. We gotta get to an open field! Come on, let's go! Move it! Let's go find an open field!

Kurt	Come on, come on!

Gwen	Initiate flight sequencing. On, engaged. Engine one, on. 


Flight time	three minutes. Let's do this.

Michael	Okay, come here! She's gotta land here, okay? This is the only spot that she can land.

Kurt	All right.

Michael	Gwen, do you copy?

Gwen	I read you five by five, Michael. Engine engaged.

Thomas	Sir, our radar isdetecting an object moving the speed of sound flying up out of Wyoming.

Ambrose	Do we have an ID on it?

Thomas	No. We don't know what it is yet, sir.

Gwen	Starting ascent.

Michael	Gwen! Come in, Gwen! Gwen, come in!

Thomas	Looks like it's one of ours, sir, an F

Gwen	One minute, three seconds. T-minus  minute. Engaging F dive In now!

Michael	Gwen, you get outta there! You make sure you get outta there, Gwen! Gwen, do you copy? Make sure you get outta there!

Kurt	Come on, Gwen.

Gwen	 seconds! I'm getting high level radiation warnings.

Michael	Damn it, come on.

Gwen	Really starting to feelthe Gs, here. Ejecting in , ...

Thomas	Eight, seven, six...

Gwen	Five... four... Three...

Michael	Gwen, do you copy?

Gwen	One. 
Ambrose	They did it!  The target! The target has been neutralized! You heard correctly,ladies and gentlemen! The asteroid's been destroyed! Thomas	We're clear! We're all clear! Oh, my God.

Ambrose	Lieutenant Armstrong, we can confirm Phaeton has been eliminated. Is your wife all right?

Michael	Where is she? Where is she? Gwen!

Ambrose	Lieutenant Armstrong!  Do you copy?

Michael	Where is she? General, this is Dr. Siegel, no sign of her yet. Where is she?

There!

Kurt	We have a visual onDr. Armstrong, she's alive!

Michael	She made it!  Woo! Woo!

Michael	She's coming in for a landing.

Gwen	Oh...

Mara	Hey, doc.

Michael	You're crazy.

Gwen	I had to.

Mara	What was the probability of that happening, huh?

Kurt	We did it. You're crazy... you're crazy.

Michael	You did it... Dr. Braeburg.

Gwen	Shh. The world doesn't need to know.

Michael	The world needs to know.

Gwen	No, no, no. No. The world is safe now. Kurt! Mara!

Michael	 Woo! Woo! What a team!

Kurt	Well done, Colonel... sir.

Michael	Phew!
