bh	did you know that there are two kinds of light? the light that you see and the light in your heart. this is a story about how i learned the difference between the two.

grandpa snail	we've stayed out too late, it's too dark to see the way ahead. orange snail: oh! grandpa, we’re gonna be late!

grandpa snail	i know that. but i can’t see. i can't see my own shell in this darkness
 
green snail	 oh! oh! let’s catch up quickly. (incomprehensible)

green snail	are you ok grandpa? 

grandpa snail	i think so, but i can't see a thing. snail child i can’t see either. 

kids	look!  it's brightheart! (all three talking over each other) 

kids	oh yeah!  (all three talking over each other) 

kids	it’s brightheart (all three talking over each other) 

grandpa	what are you talking about?

kids	it's brightheart!  she's a superhero!

bh	i'm the firefly, brightheart! i'm here to help you!

kids	woah! (all three talking over each other) i can see the village! (all three talking over each other) i can see! (all three talking over each other) 

grandpa snail	thank you, brightheart!

bh	you're most welcome! i'm the firefly who lights up the dark brightheart! the moonlight it shines bright,  and gives light below. the world is a brighter place, with you by my side. friendships are like the light, that shines forth our joy, so take my hand and walk with me now. let your light shine, send out your love, together we can, make a change in the world, let your light shine, send out your love, your love, your love, together. firefly shine, firefly glow, the world is a brighter place. wherever you go. firefly shine, firefly glow, your light shows we’re never alone firefly shine, firefly glow, the world is a brighter place. wherever you go. firefly shine, firefly glow, your light shows we’re never alone firefly shine, firefly glow, the world is a brighter place wherever you go. firefly shine. firefly glow, your light shows we’re never alone. annie, mae, and kenny	brightheart annie, mae, and kenny	brightheart! annie, mae, and kenny	brightheart!

bh	annie, mae, kenny! so what’s up?

annie	brightheart, we want your autograph!

mae	you're famous! kenny	sign me!

bh	i can do that!

annie	sign my wings!

mae	awesome! kenny i'll never take a bath!

annie	hey, what's that poster?

bh	it's for my new light performance. bigger and better stories!

annie	i'll be there!  mae, kenny	me, too!

edward	breaking news! the ant village was robbed last night.  thieves broke in and stole all their food. reports say it was those goons from king cyrus, solomon and twigg. we can't take this lying down, we've got to stand up and stop these thieves! who wants to be a hero? 

albert	we need a super cool leader! and not me, of course.  i've got to protect my bling. edward you can do it!

edward	no way.  i'm a traffic cop, not a superhero. we need someone fearless to protect us.

walla	who could it be? (general rabble)

walla	we need someone.(general rabble)

fiona	perfect! i vote for brightheart!

walla	brightheart, you must be our captain.

bh	me?

walla	there's nobody better!

bh	well, sure!

bh	the village can always count on me!

walla	we're saved!

walla	great!

albert	i'm hungry!  anyone else hungry? anyone?

edward	mmm…albert! you're new to the concept of hiding, aren't you?  let me explain…

bh	shush. listen!  footsteps! everyone hide!

bh	solomon stop in the name of the law! put.  the food.  down!

solomon	yo! dim the high beams, will ya!

bh	solomon, you’re under arrest 

solomon	yeah? you and whose army pal?

group	ours!

solomon	really? a dung beetle blockaide?

bh	bubbles! sic him!

solomon	ha! ha! ha! that’s right, i've got one of these!  a gift from the king!

solomon	uh, twigg, what's this?

twigg	gift from the king.  he calls it a firecracker.  

solomon	uhm, what do i do with it?

twigg	how should i know, it's your gift.

solomon	the king must really like me! but seriously, are there instructions?

twigg	you can sit on it for all i care.

solomon	tremble in fear puny bugs! behold!

solomon	arrest me?i don't think so!

bh	get down, get down!

solomon	ha! ha! the king's cracker really works! they all ran away! i wonder what else it does? wah! 

bh	woah that’s a surprise you can tell the king he can get his own food!

albert	but he got away. what are we gonna do if he comes for our stuff again?

fiona	albert, stop worrying. we have brightheart!

bh	that's right, you have me! and if he tries to come back i'll send him to the moon hey! don't forget my new show starts soon. let's all go to the theater and have fun.

annie	brightheart, you're awesome! and you shine like a star. how come?

bh	who knows? maybe fireflys come from the stars!

albert	did you hear that?  something hit the ground! i gotta check it out!

bh	uh, don't forget the show. you'll wanna get a good seat.

albert	yeah yeah, sure, we'll be there!

albert	uh, what is that thing? edward, you'd better go check it out.

edward	this was your idea, you go first.

albert	frog eyes can only see something in motion. it aint movin i can’t see it. i can't see it.

edward	albert, show a little backbone.  you're not a tadpole anymore.

albert	you have weapons.

edward	they're just my hands. come on, lead the way, i'll follow.

albert	you're the one with razor claws.

albert	i saw that!


edward	on second thought, i'm not that curious.

albert	go on, we don't have all night!

bh	hey, what's going on?

edward	something big fell from the sky. 

annie	brightheart, that thing came from the stars. maybe it's your people! you should go knock on the door!

edward	great idea! who better to take a look than you?

group	come on, brightheart!

group	go and take a look!

group	come on!

bh	well, ok.

albert	i'm so nervous.

edward	uhm, albert…

bh	so far so good…

annie	it's got a light just like brightheart!

mae	her family!

kenny	or friends!

albert	if you ask me, it looks like an egg.

bh	what is that thing? bubbles, you watch for trouble.

annie	it's hatching!

mae	hatching!

kenny	the big egg is hatching!

albert	you think brightheart and bubbles are in danger?

edward	let's watch from here. if there's trouble, maybe we can go and help.

edward	brightheart's in trouble!

albert	everyone to the rescue  come on, edward, let's go!

edward	who's going to save me?

bh	my name is brightheart. uhm…what kind of bug are you? aurora	my name is aurora.  i'm not a bug, i'm an explorer robot. and i'm exploring this thing.

annie	wow, he really came from the stars. 

mae	awesome!

bh	we call this a flower.it means peace. 

aurora	flower. it means peace.

bh	hey everyone, come meet aurora!

bh	don't crowd the alien, give it some space.

fiona	he's so shiny and smooth.  it's amazing!

bh	come on, one at a time.let aurora get to know you

fiona	i'm fiona. wow your skin is so smooth. do you use hand cream? paul: hey, i’m bamboo paul. i'm taller than everyone here. wow, cool!

albert	i see you're looking at my enormous diamond. you're just going to have to get your own!

annie	i'm annie.

mae	i'm mae.

kenny	i'm kenny.

bh	edward, come shake hands with our new friend.

edward	no need. who says you can't be friends without a handshake?

albert	his hands are like knives. he has scissor hands. 

edward	that’s why they call me edward scissor hands. it doesn't matter. it's such an outdated concept anyway. huh?

aurora	shake hands. good friend.hi ? 

edward	i wanna know what love is. it would feel this way. a handshake has changed my life!

edward	what wait up! wait for me!

bh	aurora i'm doing a show tonight. maybe you can join…

edward	aurora, my friend!  let me be your guide tonight, show you our little village.  it should be very interesting for an expllorer robot!

bh	maybe tomorrow night would be better for a show

albert	there no moon tonight. i hope we don't get lost in the dark.

bh	yes. looks like everyone still needs me

bh	i'm here!  follow me and i'll light the way for you. this way!

edward	ok all right

bh	hey, watch it!

aurora	you make light without electricity. i have never seen that before. will you let me record that on my database?

bh	well, not to brag, but i'm kind of special around here.

fiona	that's true. without brightheart's light, we'd all get lost in the dark.

annie	aurora, aurora, aurora! you came from the stars like brightheart.do you have a shining butt, too? 

aurora	no, my butt does not light up. 

annie	oh, too bad.

bh	my shiny butt is my superpower! follow me and my light will keep you safe. this way!

aurora	i also have luminous technology 

annie/mae/kenny	what let me see, let me see!

bh	so small. there's no way they could ever be as bright as me.

mae	super cool!

kenny	awesome!

annie	it's brighter than brightheart's butt!

annie	aurora lights the path!

kenny	aurora is awesome dude. 

twigg	my glorious king, this is the tasty food my brothers and i stole from the ant village.

solomon	i got you a lot of tasty stuff, too, but…

solomon	but, you see that shiny butt bug brightheart rallied the whole village against me and i lost it. 

king	there is an old saying can you tell me the meaning?

twigg	my king you are smart, you know everything!

king	a single spark can set an entire forest on fire.

solomon	a spark?  i thought you needed a match.

twigg	don't interrupt!

king	it means one small action can have a big effect. if we don't put out this little spark, or crush it, we will have even bigger troubles. do you hear me? 

solomon	my king, a firefly doesn't really make real fire…it just…

twigg	don't interrupt! it’s good to be the king, yes it’s good to be the king! stay up late as i want, watch lots of late night tv. everything you see is mine, everything you want. if you stick with me, kid, even you can be rich. if you stick with me, kid, everything is yours it’s a one time offer, a one time choice, walk out that door don’t bother coming back. use your voice, use your voice make your choice, make your choice tasty treats or a stick upside your head. it’s so good to be the king, yes yes. good to be the king stay up late with me, do everything you dream. make no mistake, i get whatever i want, and what i want you and you are what i want.  king	solomon, go and bring that firefly to me. i will take care of the rest. now go! 

solomon	in the morning? it's a long way to the village.

twigg	excellent kick, my king!

bh	huh? huh? where did albert go? found him!

bh	what was that light?

albert	brightheart! did you know a picture of yourselfis called a selfie?  here, take a look! isn't that amazing? with this bright flash i can always find my diamond ring. it makes it sparkle in the dark! with this i never need help to find it. see lookie? 
 

bh	what? stop wasting my time. if you don't need my help to find your ring, someone else will need me.

albert	brightheart! let's take a selfie. it’s super fun! the moon has stopped shining, the stars have all gone home. the flowers are sleeping, and my heart is all alone. there’s laughter, and dancing, but none comes near. the starlight, once so bright, fades away. i’ve lost my way, can’t find the path that i once knew so well. the cold wind it blows, and nobody knows, where the light has gone. where has it gone?
annie/mae/kenny	aurora, aurora, aurora

annie	what are you doing?

aurora	i'm trying to repair my spaceship.

annie	what's in there? please show us?

aurora	the heart of the ship. annie aurora, when your finished fixing the ship, will you leave?

aurora	yes. i must go and report my findings.

kenny	oh, so sad. and what does your ship eat?

annie	how high can it fly?

mae	we eat fruit! and you? 

aurora	me and my ship use the same kind of energy. it comes from light. as long as there is light, we can fly anywhere.

annie	really, you eat light?

kenny	i want some.

kenny	oh look, it's brightheart.

annie	brightheart.

mae	brightheart.

bh	hey, what's up?

kenny	should we tell her?

mae	we're learning to eat light with aurora.

annie	hey, who has better light, aurora or brightheart?

kenny	of course, it's aurora.

mae	no way, it's brightheart!

kenny	aurora!

mae	brightheart!

kenny	aurora!

mae	brightheart!

aurora	all light is just tiny dots of energy called photons. and the brightest light in your solar system is your sun.

annie	aurora, you are awesome! 

mae	aurora, you are awesome!

kenny	aurora, you are awesome!

bh	aurora! i challenge you!

aurora	challenge? what kind of challenge?

bh	who has the best light!

aurora	light? my light is only for my work. it is a tool.

bh	it may be a tool for you, but for me it's my pride

aurora	illogical, but i will try. 

bh	great.  tonight, in the theater. your shine your light and i'll shine mine, let the village decide.

bh	there once was a race between a snail and a centipede. the centipede had hundreds of feet and wore hundreds of shoes. but the snail had no feet, and so could wear no shoes. the centipede in his running shoes raced like a flash, leaving the poor snail far behind. but then…the centipede tripped and fell! all his shoes had come untied, and he had to stop the race to tie them all again. the sun was setting, but the centipede still had not finished tying his shoes, and the snail who never stopped crossed the finish line first! does anyone know the meaning of the story?

albert	oh, i know! i know!  it means you don’t need laces to win races. 

bh	funny. but no, it means that we can have the best technology and still lose the race. it means natural light is always better than artificial light. speaking of artificial, aurora come up to the stage. 

aurora	sorry, but i'm not programmed for entertainment.

bh	so, are you going to give up?

annie	aurora, you're from the stars like brightheart. i'm sure you have a story to tell.

aurora	stars? perhaps i can show you a record of my journey so you can see the stars.

annie/walla	great.  i want to see.  

bh	but without a story, it must be boring.

edward	that was awesome 

albert	that was so cool!

fiona	thank you, aurora, for showing us the beautiful light. 

annie/walla	aurora!

walla	wow!  you're the best!

bug 1	whoa did you see that show?  that aurora is the most amazing thing to happen to our village in years! i've never seen anything like that before, have you?

solomon	what are all these colored balls here? they look like firefly eggs? and i’m really cold too. 

solomon	seriously? you treat a master thief like me like a common clothes-rack? i am not a clothes-rack! do you know who i am?

solomon	i've been here all night, and still no brightheart. maybe i should get a bite to eat before...

solomon	nobody's going to surprise me tonight. the master thief knows where he’s going….i clould have choked to death! all right, who’s the wise bug throwing things around here?

solomon	it's brightheart!

solomon	wait, why am i running? it's not a trap. there's nobody but you, to catch me? have you no respect? i am a master thief. it takes a village to catch me. look at me! i'll show you who you're messing with! rock paper scissors so you want to talk about it? talking always makes me feel better. that bad? it's called postpartum depression. laying glowing eggs all over the village would make me depressed, too.

bh	the glowing eggs aren’t mine.

solomon	see it feels better to talk! oh, my bad. so who laid those eggs?

bh	aurora.
solomon	a robot? it can lay glowing eggs? i thought you were the bright one in this here village.

bh	that was before aurora came. i'm not the brightest anymore.

solomon	don’t you worry. our great king has a bright lamp that can light up everything! if you had that, you could light the whole village! wait,you could even light the whole world!  come with me, see for yourself. come on! come on! 

solomon	you coming or what? come on!

solomon	you see that light way over there? if you please the king you can be the brightest light again. aurora won't even hold a candle to you.

bh	but…how could i win? 

solomon	i'll show you.

edward	how about we put some lights up around the barn tonight. 

solomon	that's not enough,i want everything here. everything you see. 

bh	no! i won’t ever help you steal! 

solomon	but i can't go back empty-handed.

bh	this way, follow me.

solomon	that's it?

bh	this is all the food i have. i can only give you what's mine. the rest belongs to the village.

solomon	i see. it'll do. something is better than nothing. let's fly! yeah.

edward	isn’t brightheart!  with solomon? what…?

solomon	ugh what is with you bug’s and bright light

bh	i can explain…

edward	what's to explain? you've joined solomon to steal from the village!

bh	you don't get it.

edward	thief! aurora, grab brightheart!

solomon	it's the egg-laying robot! you'll never get me! brightheart, let's go!

edward	they're getting away! stop them!

bh	let go of me!

edward	why aren't you chasing them?

aurora	why would i chase brightheart?

edward	because she's a bad guy!

aurora	how is brightheart a bad guy?

edward	well because, uhm, she's with a bad guy.

bh	why did you do that?

solomon	they were going to catch us and throw us in jail. and aurora scares me, so powerful. really strong

bh	i'm going to tell them the truth. 

twigg	there's no going back now. do you know your own power? 

solomon	this is twigg. he has eight hundred grashopper brothers. scary.

twigg	you have the power the power of light. it’s exciting! dazzling! but now your village is all lit up, and they don't need you anymore. but we can fix that. come on, time for you to meet the king.

bh	i can fly by myself!

solomon	i need your tail light to see the way. light 'er up! here we go! where’d your glow go? did you forget your vitamins?

bh	i have no idea what’s wrong with me. 

solomon	you don't shine you're in trouble

fiona	brightheart is our friend, she would never steal!

edward	but we saw it with our own eyes, she was with solomon in the barn.

albert	it's all over, over, nothing makes sense! someone hold me,

annie	brightheart always helps us, she can't be a bad guy.

edward	i have no idea why. maybe she finally just snapped. aurora, what should we do? we should find brightheart and then ask her. it's the only way to learn the truth.

fiona	yes, yes!

edward	but who will go? 

fiona	we'll make a team to find brightheart. aurora is smart, if she leads the team, we'll find her!

aurora	will do.

edward	if aurora goes, i'm in. wherever aurora leads, i'll follow.

albert	ooh you can still count on me…

twigg	just over the river now, and we reach the king.

bh	watch out!

twigg	a storm is coming. fly closer to the ground.

albert	aurora, this is so fun!

fiona	aurora, do you know where brightheart is?

aurora	i do. they are in front of us, crossing the river.

edward	how do you do that? amazing!

albert	you have special glasses!  let me see, let me see!

aurora	don't do that.i cannot see.

edward	albert, don't be a back seat driver. 

solomon	what are you looking at, am i that handsome? 

bh	head's up, it's raining.

twigg	we have to hurry!

solomon	brightheart, i have a funny feeling we’re all being followed.

bh	yeah, i feel it, as well

solomon	great, so i'm not crazy!

bh	solomon! twigg! help me!

twigg	no time! move it! it's dangerous to fly in heavy rain!

bh	i won’t leave him. he can’t fly. wake up!  wake up! you’re too heavy…

twigg	that's what happens to heroes.

solomon	where am i?

bh	can't can't breathe.

solomon	oh, sorry!

bh	you need to lose weight.

twigg	buffoons! you're wasting time. fly away!

solomon	what's he running from? must be afraid of me. brightheart, what should we do? can't fly in this.

bh	give me a hand. we can make a shelter until it stops.

solomon	hey, great idea!

bh	gotta fly now!

solomon	ha ha, sorry fish. i can fly! (uh oh…)

albert	look at me, i'm the king of the world!  huh? who turned out the lights?

bh	too heavy, i can't fly higher. 

solomon	is it too late to start that diet? it's still coming!

bh	can you fly yet? 

solomon	i can't feel my wings. i don't think i can.

bh	are you ok?

solomon	i think so. still have my butt. look, it's twigg. we don't have to be faster than the fish, we just have to be faster than twigg

twigg	i can hear you, solomon.

solomon	 incoming! but it's too far away. were' safe! come on, show me what you got, fish face! brightheart!

bh	oh no!  hold on everyone i'll save you!

twigg	listen who they are shouting for.

fiona	aurora, save…

edward	aurora, save me!

albert	aurora, i'm drowning…wait, i'm a frog! i'm a good swimmer! aurora, save the others!

twigg	there it is. with aurora here, nobody needs you anymore. you see, if you want them to love you again, only the king's lamp will help you. you are usseless without your own light. now let's go.

fiona	aurora, go help brightheart.

albert	help!

fiona	albert, what's wrong?

albert	my diamond ring is missing!

edward	it’s just a ring. you act like it's a matter of life or death.

bh	whoa, such a bright light. why is it in a cage?

twigg	keep moving. that's not the light i'm talking about.

solomon	no worries, only the lamp is trapped, not the light. our king has a lot of really interesting stuff. come and see.

albert	now, that’s better! what do you think i am, a toad? if i ever hear of you eating bugs again, you'll regret it! you may go.

edward	dream on. if aurora hadn't rescued us, you'd be fish food.

fiona	you can fly fast,please go after brightheart now.  we can't go together now, the frog can't fly.

albert	you talking about me?

aurora	all right, i will go first.

fiona	please hurry. we'll catch up.

edward	be careful, aurora!

king	(whisper walla) brightheart dear girl. i heard you've been replaced by a robot. i also heard that your shiny butt is broken. bh	oh great king, solomon said you had a bright light. can i  please borrow it?

king	borrow? what will you trade for it?

solomon	(aside to brightheart) i got this. brightheart brought food to trade.

bh	but my food fell in the water.

solomon	yeah, this is my food. thanks for saving me. this makes us even. my king, for you.

twigg	you're not only good for hanging laundry, but for waiting tables, too!

king	walk this way.

twigg	that's right, don't let it fall.

king	no peeking at my secert password.

solomon	he may be king, but his password is his birthday just like everybody else.

king	behold! the wealth of the kingdom, so tasty! every bit of it is finger licking good!

bh	this food, is it all stolen? 

king	stolen schmolen, it's all mine now!

solomon	no need  for violence!

king	as they say, possession is nine-tenths of the law, don't you agree? it doesn't matter join us, and you'll never be hungry again. let your stomach be your moral guide.

bh	a bug should work to earn her own food. stealing might make me full, but it won't make me happy.

king	well, food certainly makes me happy, i don't care how i get it. moving on.

king	simply flip the switch.

solomon	so bright!

twigg	it’s the king. he is the bright one!

king	come in to the kingdom. if you join me, i'll give you the brightest butt in the whole world!

solomon	join us, we can be friends.

twigg	it's time to humiliate that robot!

bh	if i have to do wrong in order to gain light, then my heart will be forever dark. take it back please. 

solomon	you tell him girl

king	sorry you feel that way, brightheart. twigg, take her to the magic lamp.

twigg	this way. you're going to love this.

solomon	but, you can't.

king	if she's not our friend, then she's our enemy.

bh	what's a magic lamp? 

twigg	you're going to love it, it makes all your secret wishes come true. make a wish on the light, and see what happens.

bh	have you tried it?

twigg	uhm, can't you see how happy i am?

bh	my wish is to be the brightest star in the world. can it really come true?

twigg	you mustn't have any doubts.  if you believe it you can achieve it, right? anything you want, kid.

twigg	all ready? as soon as i click this switch, it's dreamtime!  

bh	whoa…

solomon	brightheart! stay back! brightheart!

twigg	what are you doing?

solomon	she saved my life. i just…

twigg	you do as your told and keep your mouth shut! if she tells the village what we're doing, we all go to jail.

twigg	all right, brightheart, ready to rock? the magic  begins. show time!

solomon	what happened? what happened?

twigg	the firefly is toast!

solomon	i'm a fool! i'm a fool! i'm a fool! i'm a fool!

twigg	of course you're a fool. you’re an idiot. 

solomon	i’m just a bug, i’m sorry. she’s saved hallelujah brightheart.

twigg	what is that?

solomon	hallelujah! brightheart's not toast!

aurora	brightheart. brightheart. you must leave! the lamp is electrified. it's dangerous!

twigg	brightheart, the robot is your enemy. he's trying to trick you. touch the magic lamp!

aurora	when two electric wirres connect you get a short circuit it makes a powerful destructive force. to demonstrate.

bh	solomon, did you lie to me? 

solomon	no, this wasn't supposed to happen! it was the king's plan, and twigg! huh, where'd he go?

bh	aurora, behind you!

twigg	no one's going anywhere!

bh	you saved me, and then i saved you. we’re even.

aurora	agreed. we shake hand and can be friends.

twigg	well, i didn't expect that. solomon, grab them!

solomon	who do i grab? what hand do i use? where should i grab? too many questions, i need time to think.

bh	aurora, we have to get out of here.

twigg	no way, not going to happen.

bh	go, go, go, go, go!

bh	we've got to get out of here. hurry! i said hurry. 

edward	it's a human house.

albert	nothing good ever happens in there. no way! 

edward	what are you talking about?

albert	let me set the mood first. here we go! 

albert	laying in wait inside that house is a hairy, six-eyed eight-legged monster!

edward	i'm out a here!

aurora	is that large creature a human lifeform?

bh	oh yeah. the humans rule this world. everything around you was made by them. 

aurora	so humans are highly intelligent creatures then?

bh	but humans really hate bugs. we stay away from them as much as we possibly can.

aurora	do you mean, on your world bugs and humans don't talk to each other? perthaps i can reason with him to let us pass through.

bh	humans never listen. aurora! come back! you can't reason with humans!

twigg	what is that robot doing?

solomon	do i grab them by the hand, grab them by the foot…

bh	aurora, come back! 

fiona	over there, this is the way.

albert	let's do this thing!

aurora	greetings, human. i am aurora, the extraterrestrial. will you be my bff?

solomon	oh! 

twigg	his head is emptier than yours. a black hole.

aurora	can we communicate? 

albert	so very tired…the view had better be spectacular.

aurora	the bugs think humans are stupid, but i'm willing to give you a chance. hello human i am aurora,

bh	aurora run! 

fiona	oh no, that's not good.

albert	i finally made it. 

fiona	run! 

albert	you’re joking right. 

twigg	one down.

solomon	brightheart, no don’t go down there it’s dangerous. 

twigg	great, now it is two down.

aurora	brightheart.

bh	are you ok?

aurora	you are correct. you can't reason with humans.

bh	or with robots. let me get you out of here.

twigg	my king! good news.

solomon	the king.

king	i've got something special for our friends.

aurora	my battery is low. you must go.

bh	how do i recharge you?

aurora	solar power. i need light, and soon, or my systems will shut down.

king	brightheart, last chance join me.

solomon	at least think about it.

bh	i won't sell my soul like you did.

king	can't say i didn't try. solomon, open it up.

solomon	no, wait! there's got to be another way.

twigg	out of my way! i've got this. hey sweetie, are you hungry? it's dinner time. easy…easy…

aurora	it is no use. please go to safety. 

bh	no way. i'm not leaving you.

aurora	sensors are detecting an object approaching. please be careful…

bh	aurora! talk to me! please, you must wake up! as long as there's hope, there light. please wake up! wake up!

king	you want a last chance? here it is give up on the robot and i’ll shall make you the light of the whole village. 

bh	give me back my friend!

king	get them! get them now! 

twigg	that pesky firefly is  all wrapped up.

solomon	brightheart, don't give up hope. no worries, only the lamp is trapped, not the light.

bh	i am brightheart. my light is my super power.

king	what's going on?

solomon	brightheart got her butt back!

twigg	look something’s coming it’s flying up.

king	what is it?

king	don't let them get away!

bh	watch it!

king	got you!

twigg	you the man, sir. fire!

king	it's a spark. no problem.

solomon	uhm, don't they say never to wear fur around fire?

albert	it's brightheart and aurora!

bh	i'm sorry. i hurt everyone.

aurora	all we needed to do is talk with brightheart. now all bugs know the truth. she saved me

albert	i never douted you for a minute.

edward	aurora said we should talk with you before we judged you. i didn't listen. i'm sorry, brightheart.

bh	bubbles, what is it?

king	it may interest you to know i have my own air force. i'd like you to meet them.

albert	hey, do you hear that?

fiona	whatever it is, there's a lot of them. 

bh	solomon said twigg had eight hundred brothers. oh no, they’re coming. 

twigg	my brothers, get them!

bh	everyone stay together!

twigg	my turn! prepare to meet your maker, grasshopper style!

albert	twenty three, twenty four, twenty five… hey, i thought you said eight hundred brothers. what are you trying to pull here?

twigg	i'm bad at math. get them!

albert	aurora, now's the time to use your super laser death ray, take them all out.

aurora	i do not have one because there is no such thing.

albert	so the only one with weapons around here is you.

edward	lucky me.do you think they'd notice if we just left?

albert	i'd notice because the one thing i can’t do is fly

bh	that's it!

twigg	why are we all walking so slow? get them!

bh	ready. steady. fire!

twigg	fire! i'm on fire! fire!

king	what’s this a secret weapon?

twigg	water!i need water! fly to the river!

albert	well, it's not a laser death ray.

bh	never mind.  this way!

albert	aurora, fly me like super frog. wait i need a better cape. 

king	not so fast…twigg, you idiot,the fire is fake news!

twigg	wait, wait, wait!  they tricked us.

albert	hurry, hurry.

bh	here they come! you all know the plan go! aurora, special effects!

king	how stupid do they think we are?

solomon	how smart do we think we are?

king	either way, my hopper choppers will not fail me! victory through air power! look out!

solomon	uhm, that's gotta hurt.

king	idiot.

twigg	lunkhead! you don't stop in midair!

hopper	yeah, but look.

bh	hey, hopperhead, you want me, come and get me.

twigg	seriously, you expect me to fall for the same trick again? your fire is fake!

bh	oh no, you figured it out! everybody run 

twigg	it's not real! follow me! i know that sound. uhm, brothers? did you get them? are they begging for mercy?

twigg	what have you done? this isn't over! i’m going to get you. 

edward	now it's over mister. you don't mess with my aurora!

solomon	looks like you've been fooled by a firefly.

king	nobody makes a fool of me! brightheart, you destroyed my air force, now i'll destroy your village.

solomon	wait, there are a lot of bugs in that village. 

king	you're talking like a dung beetle idiot! 

albert	maybe he's planting a garden. i'm so hungry!

bh	but where do you think it’s going? 

aurora	based on my calculations in 11 minutes it will plow into the village.

bh	we can’t possibly let that happen. come on, we've gotta stop it!

albert	again? you guys keep forgetting, frogs don't have wings.

bh	you can't do this! you would destroy an innocent village because of your stupid pride?
king	well of course i would! i can hear them now: help us, brightheart, oh won’t you help us. 

bh	hey, solomon, how do we stop this machine?

solomon	pull out the key, it'll stop dead.

bh	get the key! pull!  pull hard!

king	you are all such imbeciles. losers!

solomon	uhm, really good rant, sir. but wrong direction. they're behind you. 

edward	we're toast. the village is toast.

bh	there must be another way

aurora	you can push the break, or steer the steering wheel.

edward	it's kinda big.

bh	aurora, any other ideas?

aurora	get inside, destroy the wires.  king	you can't destroy the tractor if i destroy you.

bh	aurora!  king	hey, beetle, throw the firefly under the wheel or i'll throw you under.

solomon	uh, listen, i...

fiona	solomon, he made you a thief,are you now going to let him   make you a murderer? look in your heart.

solomon	my heart is warm. i understand, i’ll never be a killer. i’ll show you i can save lives just like you

albert	hey, wait up! i'm coming!

king	hey, what are you all looking at? nothing to see here! wait…

solomon	hey beautiful lady i just want to say i'm so happy we could all come together like this.

bh	aurora!

albert	seriously, i'm right here!

bh	go rescue aurora, i'm going to stop this thing.

edward	on it!

albert	maybe you can fly, but i can swim.  my turn to rescue you. spread the word. 

aurora	i promise.

fiona	aurora, are you ok?

albert	i saved aurora!

king	help me! i can't swim!

edward	serves him right! he's evil. leave him.

aurora	like fiona said, we are not killers. if we can bring light to his dark side, maybe he will see.

edward	oh you're always right. did i ever tell you that?

albert	seriously?

king	just a little closer, and i'll pull them all under the water. help! i don't want to be fish food!

edward	if i were a poet, i'd call that poetic justice.

aurora	the tractor is on the shore. we must warn the village, to evacuate. 

albert	hey, you did it again! i'm still here! i'm so lonely…

solomon	that's gonna leave a mark. wait, where are we? oh no, that's the village! all right, it's hero time. solomon to the rescue! let me just whip out my secret weapon, and nuke this tractor to dust!  wait, i know! genius at work.

village bug 1	look, what's that?

village bug 2	look!

village bug 3	it's coming!

annie/mae/kenny	this way, no, this way, no, this way! this way, no, this way, no… a big monster is coming! aurora, aurora!

aurora	evacuate immediately the village is unsafe. 

annie/mae/kenny	this way, no, this way, no, this way!

annie/mae/kenny	aurora, where should we go? this is our home.  isn't there anything you can do to help?

aurora	friends always help friends.

fiona	it's solomon. we've got to help him.

aurora	when two electric wirres connect you get a short circuit that makes a powerful destructive force.

bh	that's gotta be it! 

edward	did we do it?

fiona	my head is not as hard as yours, solomon.

solomon	so, anyone else have a genius idea?

all	no…

annie	it's still coming!

mae	it's going to hit the village!

aurora	brightheart, my science was incorrect. in your world the brightest light is not the sun, it is hope.

solomon	ok, so that didn't work. but as long as we never give up, there's always hope! come on, let's do this thing!

albert	it's my village, and i say we fight! 

bh	almost there...almost there…

solomon	hard heads, soft hearts, let's go!

bh	as long as there's light, there's hope.

albert	i'm coming…!

solomon	go, go, go!

king	brightheart, you haven't seen the last of me!

human	got you at last, you silly little hamster. i'll never let you out again. kingi'm a king!  i'm a king! i'm not built for life in a cage! brightheart! 

solomon	aurora, where's brightheart?

fiona	what's wrong with brightheart?

aurora	her heart is no longer beating. orange snail: i can’t believe brightheart is gone.
snail grandpa	she’s gone but not forgotten she will always be in our hearts. 

solomon	aurora, can't you do some alien robot thing and save brightheart?

crowd	please save brightheart.

solomon	she can't just leave.

edward	i'm sure aurora has an idea to save brightheart.

fiona	but we have to do something.

albert	we can. we can pray for brightheart. aurora	brightheart, it is our turn to give you the light.

bh	the first thing i saw when i woke up was light. not just the light of the sun, but true light in the hearts of everyone in the village. and that light has changed us all, in the way that light always does. with his light, edward found courage and is learning martial arts so he can protect us all. bubbles has got a new toy. fiona used her light to turn a bad guy into a good guy, actually, to turn solomon into a clothes rack. and our albert still wants to fly, but there are still some things that light cannot do.

bh	and i've learned that it's not your tail light that counts… it’s the light in your heart 

bh	come on, aurora, it's not funny anymore.


aurora	you do not like your new butt? 

bh	what do you think?

bh	…it's the light in your heart. as long as you follow the light, the darkness will always be behind you.
