SERIE DIABETE:
EP. 16 – EATING DISORDERS
(CAMILLE)



1 (01:00:00:00)

CAMILLE	Hello everybody! Today, I want to talk about a topic that concerns both teenagers and adults: Eating Disorders. When you have diabetes, you're even more likely to suffer from an eating disorder. I thought it deserved a video. Let's begin!

OUT (01:00:11:01)

INSERT	GENERATION T-1:


2 (01:00:18:18)

CAMILLE	First of all, the medical community uses the abbreviation 'E.D.' for 'eating disorder'.

INSERT	Eating Disorder

CAMILLE	This term covers multiple complex disorders, but essentially, they're all characterised by being abnormal eating habits. They often go hand in hand with the feeling of unhappiness people have because of their looks, their weight or the obsession they have with their appearance. The most common eating disorders are bulimia and anorexia.

OUT (01:00:38:17)

INSERT	WHO IS MAINLY AFFECTED BY THESE DISORDERS?


3 (01:00:41:04)

CAMILLE	Unfortunately, teenagers. But when you think about it, it does make sense. First off, adolescence is not an easy phase to go through. We're finding ourselves, we're changing, and, of course, the way people look at us is becoming super important. We also want to be attractive. To that, you need to add society's beauty standards and top models who are present in every magazine, on social network and all over the internet. It's never ending. And before summer, it's even worse than usual. There's not one day that goes by without someone talking about the latest miracle diet, (uh )promising a perfect body.


4 (01:01:09:02)

CAMILLE	Obviously, with all this pressure, it's easy to be unsatisfied with one's appearance or one's body. With this is mind, any extreme behaviour is possible. The dangers of having an eating disorder are increased when you have type one diabetes. If you're wondering why it's more dangerous for people with type one, the answer really does make sense. When you have diabetes, you're already struggling, on a daily basis, to eat right. To start with, you have to deal with all the food restrictions, and as we know, there are many. Plus, when you're having a hypo, any type of food and sugar becomes a necessity, and you end up having these uncontrollable and constant cravings.


5 (01:01:40:15)

CAMILLE	And let's not forget all the carb counting you have to do every day, no matter what. Bottom line, eating can quickly become an obsession and complicate the way you feel about your body. Not to mention the everyday related issues you have to deal with, like hypos and hypers. Hang on! I'm not saying diabetes is a trigger for eating disorders. I'm saying, individuals with E. D. usually have a pre-disposition for depression. But, it's a known fact that, the risks, for diabetics, are high!


6 (01:02:03:15)

CAMILLE	Another important issue people with E. D. have, is staying in control of their body. We've already lost control of it with diabetes, and for those with abnormal eating behaviours, it's their way of regaining control of their body. Also, before being diagnosed with T1D, people lose weight. Then, with the treatments and the insulin, they put the weight back on. Therefore some people think that, in order to lose the weight again, they should stop using insulin. Really bad idea! The medical term is diabulimia which means depriving oneself of insulin to lose weight. Obviously, doing that is extremely dangerous. Okay, I won't bore you with a long list of all the potential complications a person can have if they stop or reduce their intake of insulin. Either way, I just can't stress enough how serious abnormal eating behaviours really are.


7 (01:02:42:00)

CAMILLE	E.D.s are obviously serious for everyone, but when you have diabetes, your health is in jeopardy even quicker. If you think it's a living hell for the person who's going through it, it's also one for their parents, family and friends. You should try to be extra vigilant, in case you notice a sign, however, without being too overbearing. (Pfff__) It's complicated, I know. If you notice someone's losing a lot of weight or if they're obsessed with how much they weigh, you should see if something's wrong.


8 (01:03:04:07)

CAMILLE	But there are also other abnormal behaviours that can be warning signs: When someone doesn't eat a lot or prefers to eats low calorie foods, for example: grilled vegetables or salads,

INSERT	EATS LESS

CAMILLE	when someone completely avoids certain types of foods,

INSERT	AVOIDS CERTAIN TYPES OF FOODS

CAMILLE	when someone refuses to eat the foods they used to enjoy,

INSERT	DOESN'T EAT FOODS THEY USED TO ENJOY SKIPS MEALS

CAMILLE	when someone skips meals,

INSERT	HIDES WHEN THEY'RE EATING

CAMILLE	when someone hides when they're eating, when someone takes laxatives or makes themselves vomit,

INSERT	LAXATIVES / VOMITS

CAMILLE	when someone constantly, or excessively, exercises each day,

INSERT	EXERCISES EXCESSIVELY

CAMILLE	when someone deprives themselves of insulin or gives themselves a reduced dose in order to lose weight,

INSERT	NO OR REDUCED INSULIN DOSES

CAMILLE	when someone starts wearing baggy clothes or even multiple layers of clothing. It's not always easy to recognise these signs because anyone who suffers from E. D. will know how to hide it.


9 (01:03:39:18)

CAMILLE	Another key element that should alert you: if someone's glycated haemoglobin inexplicably increases. Something this serious is usually a dead giveaway that there's a problem. As you've probably understood, all of these signs need to be taken very seriously. It's a lack of self-confidence that triggers most of these disorders. This is why it's always important for the person's entourage to be supportive, no matter what. For example, you should restrain from judging or commenting on the person's weight or physical appearance,

INSERT	AVOID NEGATIVE COMMENTS

CAMILLE	you should try to listen to the person without being over-protective,

INSERT	LISTEN TO THE PERSON

CAMILLE	you may establish yourself as a role model for the person by having a healthy and well-balanced attitude with regards to nutrition and looks.


10 (01:04:13:20)

CAMILLE	The most important thing is to always communicate, and talk about whatever's wrong to help that person... with their disorder problem. The reason for this is to get them to stop feeling guilty and isolating themselves. If you suspect something, you need to consult with a doctor as soon as possible. You should consult more than one specialist to guide you: go see a diabetologist, a nutritionist, a psychologist or psychiatrist.


11 (01:04:33:02)

CAMILLE	Thanks! I hope this video was informative. I know the topic is complex and a video is too short to do a deep dive on this subject, but, for me, it was important to talk about it.

OUT (01:04:41:18)
