SERIE DIABETE:
EP. 15 SOIREES LONG - SIMON


1 (01:00:00:00)

SIMON	Hi everybody. Today, I want to talk about partying when you have diabetes.

OUT (01:00:03:18)

INSERT	GENERATION T-1: FIGHT FOR YOUR RIGHT TO PARTY!!


2 (01:00:11:16)

SIMON	Maybe some of you don't like to party or you're not old enough yet, but I like to go out and usually party hard, and I don't want my diabetes stopping me from having fun. There's no way I'll let my diabetes be a buzzkill. However, this doesn't mean you have the right to be irresponsible and get totally wasted. What I want to do here is explain a few things and give you some tips, so you can enjoy yourself. When you're out, the worst thing that can happen to you is a hypo. Usually, when you're out with friends, you exert yourself more, like when you dance.

OUT (01:00:37:03)


3 (01:00:39:07)

SIMON	And when you're out with friends, you often drink alcohol, (but, you don't have to if you don't want to) or ingest some type of mind altering substance, I'm sure you guys know what I mean. Always remember, you don't have to if you don't want to. No one said you have to get totally wasted at a party to have fun. I'm sure I'll surprise all of you by saying that alcohol increases your chances of hypoglycaemia. It really does. I know. In fact, diabetic or not, alcohol can prevent the liver from releasing glucose into the blood. Even nondiabetics can have a hypo, so imagine if you are one. So, depending on how much alcohol you've had, and if you've eaten or not, there's a very good chance you'll have a hypo.


4 (01:01:17:02)

SIMON	Another problem is how alcohol affects you. If you're having a hypo and you drink alcohol, even if it's just a small quantity, you'll feel like you've had a lot more to drink because you'll be drunk a lot quicker and start to feel very sick. With this in mind, if you're having a hypo and your liver isn't releasing glucose, your system's gonna take much longer to reach a normal level, and your hypo might get worse. So even if you've just had a whiskey-coke, you can't say: "Hey, I better give myself a bolus because I had a soft drink." Because that soft drink is going to make you spike quickly, but the alcohol is going to make you crash just as fast. So bottom line, wanting a bolus or an addition right then... is really not a very smart move.


5 (01:01:52:02)

SIMON	This video should definitely be censored. So... Mom! Dad! I really hope you're not watching.( hah! ) Yes, maybe I was accidentally served a drink that had alcohol in it one time at a party. I didn't know there was alcohol, I thought it was a plain soda. I've also forgotten to take my bolus on occasion after a meal, ... but maybe it was because I wasn't thinking clearly. Well... I can't say I was really thinking about checking my glucose level that evening.


6 (01:02:15:07)

SIMON	Something happened one evening and I can tell you I wasn't proud of myself the next day. I was out with some friends, we had a few burgers, so after that, of course, I gave myself a proper dose of insulin, and after that, we started drinking, just a little, then a little bit more. The cocktails we were having had fruit juice. And yes, the cocktails also had alcohol. So naturally, I gave myself an extra dose to compensate. We all decided to go clubbing, and by chance, I decided to check my... blood... glucose level. Seventeen millimoles. All seemed okay. Thankfully, I completely forgot to give myself an extra dose because, if I had, it would've been bad.


7 (01:02:46:13)

SIMON	So, we're out dancing, and, well, as I said before, I really like to party hard. We hadn't been there for very long when I... (tsk) I started to feel weird. It didn't feel like I was having a hypo, but I just felt weird inside. So, of course, I kept on dancing because I can usually tell when I'm about to have a hypo, and I knew it wasn't that. And it's my friends who all got scared. They saw I was all pale. They even started calling me Casper, just to make fun of me. All of a sudden, everything started to sway, I couldn't see straight, my friends thought I was gonna be sick. It's my friend Leah who understood what was happening, and who decided to check my glucose. She was right! I was on LOW. But like the bottom LOW! I must have been like at one point five! So then I drank some fruit juice, but this time, I had it without alcohol. And it took forever, and I mean forever, to climb back up! Way longer than it usually takes.


8 (01:03:29:10)

SIMON	I have a friend, Ben, who smokes a lot. When we're at parties, he gets extremely hungry when he's super stoned, and I've noticed, once or twice, that he forgets to give himself a shot of insulin after he's eaten. I say that but I'm no better. Once I spent the whole evening with my cannula ripped out and didn't notice. That was really great! All those things are part of the risks everyone takes because you're not always super vigilant when you drink or get high. I'm not saying I'll give it all up and start living like a monk. No way, that's not what I'm saying at all. But what I try to do now is not drink if I haven't eaten, and if I know I'm going out with friends or to a party, I always try to have some sugar or food on me. A big shout out to my friend Leah who saved the day. It's really nice to have a friend who looks out for you and who knows what to do if there's a problem. So, Leah, if you see this video, a million thank yous and see you soon. However, if we learn to party safely, we'll be better prepared. So be reasonable and don't drink too much. Until next time. See ya!

OUT (01:04:19:03)
