Pertsa	Now I know where we are. We're near the shore.

Kilu	I'm sorry, Pertsa, but just by looking around I feel that this is open sea.

Ritavuori	Seikkailija announces that she's doing one more round.

Ritavuori's wife	I don't want any announcements, I'm your wife. Come home before the food gets cold. Did you take your blood pressure medication this morning?

Pertsa	Home port is that way. We'll go that way.

Kilu	But I should go home.

Kilu	Mum said that we'll do some mathematics and plant flowers.

Pertsa	Do you still want to follow me?

Kilu	I will always follow you. You know that.

Pertsa	Hello, Captain Ritavuori!

Kilu	He's heading to the rocks!

Pertsa	He'll do a sharp turn at the last moment. Ritavuori craves for excitement.

Kilu	I don't think there was anyone was in the cabin.

Pertsa	Are you absolutely sure?

Kilu	Fairly sure. We have to stop the ship before she hits the rocks!

Kilu	The engine can't take the pressure! It might explode!

Pertsa	We have to reach the ship before she hits the rocks!

Kilu	The boiler will explode soon!

Kilu	Mister Ritavuori?

Pertsa	Is Ritavuori...?

Kilu	He's alive but unconscious.

Pertsa	That was the end of that boat. It was quite a boat.

Ritavuori	Where am I? Who are you?

Pertsa	We're Pertsa and Kilu, and we're here to take you home. Based on Väinö Riikkilä's novel "Viimeiset kaanit"

Ritavuori	Without these young, brave heroes Seikkailija would be on the rocks. They sacrificed their boat. 


Ritavuori's wife	My honey bear is stubborn and reckless but generous. He'll give you a reward.

Kilu	We don't need a reward.

Ritavuori	Of course you do. I feel that my adventures at sea are now over. The trawler is called Seikkailija, Adventure, it needs its namesake. You can have the ship if you'll take good care of it.

Pertsa	We can't...

Ritavuori	The ship is yours. 


Ritavuori's wife	The best decision you've made in a long time. Onwards and upwards!

Kilu	Thank you, Mister Ritavuori!

Pertsa	That's Pirkko. She writes articles for the local paper. Pirkko	Hi! I heard what happened. Press always hears everything. Can I take a photo? 

Pertsa	Go ahead.

Pirkko	Thank you. And then the interview.

Pertsa	I'll tell you everything. Kilu and I are going to start the North's most important fleet that will later expand to America. Great plans can be implemented with hard work and courage. That is why we tried things out on our little boat. Now it's time to move into bigger things. Our first ship is Adventure.

Pirkko	Adventure?  Pertsa	Exactly.

Kilu	Adventure? 

Pertsa	Exactly. Adventure.

Pertsa’s father	Could you both come here? Don't tell Pertsa what I'm about to tell you. Kotka Sawmill might start doing only one shift. So all workers are not needed here. New jobs will be available at the Imatra Mill.

Pertsa’s mother	We might have to move when autumn comes. We can't keep the house without jobs. 


Pertsa's sister	I'm not going anywhere.

Pertsa’s mother	You and your brother can manage. But Pertsa will have to move. New city and new school and Kilu.


Pertsa’s father	The decision will be made within days.

Pertsa	What is it? What decision?

Pertsa’s mother	We're just chatting about life.

Pertsa’s father	Good morning, captain! Or are you a ship owner now?

Pertsa	We are co owners with Kilu.

Pertsa’s father	You're both spirited boys. And Pertsa, you're manager material.

Pertsa	When I have my own fleet  I'll buy you a big, grey stoned mansion where I'll visit with my wife at least twice a week. And Mum's closet will be full of jewellery.

Pertsa’s mother	I don't need any jewellery.

Pertsa	You'll still get them. Today, our operations will get enough publicity when people read Pirkko's article from the paper. Has the paper come?

Pertsa’s mother	No, and while you're waiting, help your father with the logs.

Pertsa’s father	Pertsa should take a day off. He's excited about equipping the boat. You can get the paper from Matkahuolto.

Pertsa’s mother	Come back in good time. You need to feed the sheep.

Pertsa’s father	Go now, Seikkailija is waiting.

Pertsa	It's Adventure.

Kilu’s mother	I heard a rumour that Kotka Sawmill is cutting staff. Luckily, this doesn't concern me, I'm in admin.
Kilu's father	That's a good thing, then.

Kilu’s mother	But it might affect Pertsa's parents. Our neighbours might have to relocate to Imatra.

Kilu’s father	Right. That's not a good thing, then.

Kilu’s mother	Then again, it might be a good thing. Pertsa is a nice boy but it doesn't do any good for our little Kilu running around in crazy...
Kilu	Good morning!

Kilu's mother	Good morning! Kilu’s father	Good morning!

Kilu	What are you doing?

Kilu’s father	We were talking about the shoe store and its profits. It has history and future. It hit me as a boy and I was right.

Kilu’s mother	Right! We have a nice day in store for us. After breakfast we'll do mathematics for a couple of hours and in the afternoon you'll get to plant flowers.

Kilu	I promised Pertsa...

Kilu’s mother	How irresponsible to give small boys a seaworthy ship!

Kilu	It's a trawler!

Kilu’s mother	Might as well be an oil tanker.

Kilu	So Seikkailija. Or not... Adventure.

Kilu’s mother	Fine. You can go if you promise to be careful and not do crazy things. And remember to eat your packed lunch and come home in time. Matkahuolto All types of travels everywhere

Liisa	Are we taking a coach to Helsinki?

Suokko	Watch where you're going, brat!

Liisa	You said that we would drive to Turku on a motorbike.

Suokko	The tyres were worn out so I had to take it to the garage.

Liisa	Let's take your Porsche then.

Suokko	My Porsche? Oh, yes.

Suokko	You know, just borrowed it to a mate. Isn't this the best? Let's take a coach to Helsinki, catch a ferry to Stockholm and rent a motorbike or a Ferrari.

Liisa	Fine then. Let's get coach tickets.

Salesman	Two tickets to Helsinki, that will be  euros.

Suokko	So, well...I just moved all my money and cards to my new wallet. I was a bit preoccupied. I was nervous about this date. Right, let's do it this way. You'll pay for these tickets and I'll pay for everything later.

Liisa	I don't have money with me. You said that you'd pay  for everything now. 

Suokko	Exactly.

Suokko	No worries. I know what we'll do. Come with me.

Pertsa	Hi! 

Salesman	Hello!

Pertsa	I'm looking for the newspaper. 

Salesman	It sold out first thing this morning. It had a great article about you and your friend. You're that Pertsa, right?

Pertsa	Yeah, I am.

Suokko	Listen, Liisa. I have a plan that you'll like. Go to the marina and wait for me there.

Liisa	Why? Where are you going?

Suokko	I'll get money... I mean my wallet and I'll organise the best ferry trip for us to Stockholm. See you in the marina! PK TRANSPORTATION

Pertsa	The newspapers were sold out from Matkahuolto. I'm sure our article is the main story. This will be a great start for our business. Pirkko couldn't have advertised us better.

Kilu	I finished it!

Pertsa	It's great. Makes an impression.

Kilu	Seikkailija was a good name. Why did we have to change it?

Pertsa	Posh customers would have laughed at us if we would have had a Finnish name. And Adventure is almost the same name in English. Attention to details means big money. Did you ask the assistants and marina workers to come here?
Kilu	I did. Vappu and Kerttu are in the warehouse. I told them that the manager would give them further instructions. The others aren't here yet.
Pertsa	So, Vappu and Kerttu. You've landed on the best job you'll ever have. Congratulations. 

Vappu and Kerttu	Thank you, Pertsa.

Pertsa	Listen carefully. Today, the shipping company will start operating  offering island trips to customers.

Vappu	Which customers?

Pertsa	They'll come running when the paper comes. If a customer looks rich and important you'll have to be very polite   and speak English, French, Swahili, Creo, Mende  or even greater languages.

Kilu	The help came with the newspaper.

Pertsa	Great! Ask them to attend the briefing. Väinö, Topi and Iikka. You've landed on the best job you'll ever have. Congratulations! Iikka, hand me the paper. "Kotka Sawmill might cut down on staff."Are we moving to another city?  There! "Captain Ritavuori saved the little boys?" "Pertsa and Kilu made it safely to shore?"

Kilu	I don't think Pirkko meant it.

Pertsa	Didn't she?

Kilu	She just didn't believe you because your imagination is...

Pertsa	This was to be a heroic storyof the shipping company managers.  She made Ritavuori look like a hero and us the fools. Full on mutiny even before the first trip! Go and make a racket somewhere else!

Kilu	Boys, I feel it might be best for you to go. You should go too, Vappu and Kerttu. What are you doing?

Pertsa	Going to the sea. It calms the mind and clears the thoughts.

Kilu	I can't... This isn't your concern.

Pertsa	I said that I was going.

Kilu	And I. I will always follow you.

Pertsa	Untie the mooring ropes. We might be moving to another city.

Kilu	That can't happen.

Pertsa	It won't happen if I can help it  and I'll do everything I can to get our sea business going. Do you think I'm a bit of a...?

Kilu	Megalomaniac?

Pertsa	Am I like that?

Kilu	A bit.

Pertsa	But you should have dreams. I want to believe that one daywe'll have our own fleet.  If only I got something done so that Mum and Dad wouldn't have to.

Kilu	That boat looks lost.

Pertsa	They shouldn't go out to sea if they can't navigate.

Kilu	Exactly. After all, we never get lost. 

Liisa	Are you sure that this is the right direction?

Suokko	The compass was just acting out. I have an infallible sense of direction. We're heading west and we'll be in Stockholm in the morning.

Liisa	What about the island we just passed? Should we wait there for the storm to pass?

Suokko	The storm is nothing, it's a whisper...

Liisa	Where did all this money come from?

Suokko	A mate paid what he owed me. I loaned a little bit of money for his business.

Liisa	A little bit? And what business? Business, business.

Suokko	Look, let's go through there.

Pertsa	Let's take shelter by the island until the storm settles. It's better to gather our strength. Let's take a nap in the bow.

Liisa	There are rocks on the south side. We have to go north...

Suokko	I'm doing exactly that.

Liisa	This is the south side.

Suokko	No, this is the north side. I have an infallible sense of direction. The money! I have to get the money!

Pertsa	Adventure is crossing the Atlantic, heading the fleet. 

Kilu	Pertsa? Wait, Kilu. We'll be in New York Harbor soon. Then we'll have time to talk.

Kilu	Listen, Pertsa!

Liisa and Suokko	Help! Help us! We're here! Help us! Our boat sank. We've been here for hours!

Kilu	They're really in trouble!

Pertsa	Cut the lines, I'll start the engine!

Suokko	Where's your captain?

Kilu	We're both skippers. I'm Kilu, and Pertsa is in the cabin. I'll get you some hot chocolate.

Suokko	Tell Pertsa to turn the boat around. We're going back to the sinking site. Get ready to dive our stuff from the boat. I would do it myself but Liisa is a bit shocked  and I can't leave her.

Kilu	We can't do it.

Suokko	Shut up, you brat! I say what goes and what doesn't.

Liisa	Calm down, Eino.

Kilu	The sea is deep around the rocks  and the area is so eutrophic that you can't see anything.

Suokko	Rubbish! Exactly!

Liisa	And these boys saved us.

Suokko	They did but in the yacht is the sack with all the cas... My caring Nan's medallion that is dear to me.

Kilu	No one is diving now.

Suokko	Take us to Stockholm. We'll pay.

Kilu	We'll take you to our home shore, we're in a bit of a hurry.

Liisa	Thank you, boys.

Suokko	Remember the hot chocolate! 

Liisa	Eino!

Liisa	Boys. Would it be possible to keep this between us?

Pertsa	No worries at all, you were the ones with the accident. You lost a great boat and all.

Liisa	Yes, that. It was my father's. We took it without asking permission. Suokko is really nice, I swear.

Kilu	We won't tell anyone.

Liisa	Thank you.

Liisa	Boys, I just wanted to say...

Suokko	Let's go, Liisa.

Suokko	You two, not a word!

Pertsa’s father	When you promise to come in time, you'll come in time. You came the following day.

Pertas's mother	Kilu's mum was here all the time. Like it was our fault that their son was missing.

Pertsa’s father	I could be really angryif there wouldn't be bigger worries.  It looks like we'll have to move to Imatra. They're relocating workers from the Kotka Sawmill  because they have no need for them here.

Pertsa’s mother	Pertsa, go and have a nap since you stayed up all night.

Pertsa’s father	A stolen yacht? "A strange theft occurred yesterday in Kotka marina." "The esteemed Mister Hapula's yacht was stolen."

Kilu’s mother	"The police are aware of the description of the yacht."

Kilu’s mother	There is another story. Kotka Bank was robbed yesterday.

Kilu’s mother	"A man robbed a bank and fled. He might have headed to the sea." "Mister Hapula has promised to handsomely reward those  

Pertsa’s mother	who can provide information that will lead to an arrest."

Kilu	Station Two.

Pertsa	Station One here. You won't believe this, Kilu.

Kilu	I know. We have go to the police.

Pertsa	If we do that without solid evidence  we'll lose the rewards. And the rewards are the solution to all.

Kilu	What all?

Pertsa	Everything. If I can't come up with money we'll have to move. We'll go and get the evidence. Right, Kilu?

Kilu	I will always follow you. Tell me what to do.

Pertsa	Let's commence Operation Griffin. See you at the rubbish tip. 

Kilu	Where?

Kilu	Scarface is the bank robber. It's clear as day. He hid the money in the boat and now it's at the bottom of the sea.

Pertsa	You might become a private detective one day, Kilu. I have taught you well. We'll do as follows. We'll find the yacht and the money and then we'll go to the police. We'll get even better rewards. Some of the money we'll use to the foundation of the fleet. The rest we'll divide, and I'll give my share to Mum and Dad.

Kilu	I don't think the rewards are big.

Pertsa	Sure they are! Enormous! Or big enough so that my family doesn't have to move.

Kilu	Why are we at the rubbish tip?

Pertsa	It's easier to find the sunken yacht from the air. We'll make an aeroplane. How much money have you got?  

Kilu	I took all my allowance  but it's not much.

Pertsa	Good! I have some extra. We'll get an engine with these.

Kilu	Mister Ritavuori? 

Ritavuori	Thank you for your help the other day.

Pertsa	You have a nice ride.

Ritavuori	You'll take care of the seafaring so I can concentrate on the open road. When a man is at certain age you have to come up with things. I tuned her up. This engine could drive an aeroplane. This is the most worrying part. I'm going to show this to my wife. She's oblivious about this. Cross your fingers, boys!

Kilu	Drive safely, Mister Ritavuori!

Jere the Dealer	What's up, boys? Did you come here to sell your bikes or what? I'll give a coffee maker and a roll of tape for those  and I'll sweeten the deal with a hose clamp.

Pertsa	We need an engine.

Jere the Dealer	What type of an engine?

Pertsa	It doesn't matter as long as it has enough power and it works.

Jere the Dealer	Sure enough, I have a working engine here.

Pertsa	It's a beauty!All done! Let's try and start it up.  I'll gently give it some gas.

Jere the Dealer	And how can I help you now?

Pertsa	The engine was a sham!

Kilu	We want our money back!

Jere the Dealer	Did you test it?

Pertsa	Of course we did.

Kilu	It worked for a while but...

Jere the Dealer	It worked when you tested it. So I sold you a working engine but you installed in wrong. There's no doubt about it. Off you go, now! What do you want?

Suokko	I'll buy that boat from you. 

Jere the Dealer	It's not for sale.

Suokko	Everything is on sale at the right price.

Jere the Dealer	Well, if that's the case... I'll sell you the boat if you'll buy the car. How much do you offer?

Suokko	I'll offer you more than you can imagine. But first I'll take that one out for a spin.

Ritavuori's wife	I've always said that it's no good  when an old man starts playing around with gadgets. This world has enough daredevils...  

Ritavuori	Pertsa and Kilu! My darling wife is right. Although I'll miss that King of the Road  I'm happy that I can give him to you. 

Pertsa	We can't...

Ritavuori	Of course you can. The motorbike is yours.

Ritavuori's wife	That was the second best decision you've ever made. Onwards and upwards!

Pertsa	Let's tow The Queen of the Air near the rocks. I'll stay below the clouds so you'll see me.  

Kilu	Great!

Pertsa	I'll circle near the surface and drop the buoy.  

Kilu	Right!

Pertsa	Let's use the radio from now on. Griffin  is starting the engine.

Kilu	Griffin  here, copy that.

Kilu	Pertsa, watch out! You're flying!

Pertsa	Of course I'm flying. Griffin  will find the wreck.

Kilu	Griffin  is in charge of air traffic and monitors the situation.

Pertsa	I can see it, write down the coordinates... degrees North  and ... degrees East. No! No!  

Kilu	Pertsa! Wrong direction! Make an emergency landing near here!

Pertsa	Griffin  preparing to land. Griffin  has a technical problem. I lost the steering wheel.

Kilu	Pertsa! No, Pertsa! Pertsa!

Pertsa	You attached the wings poorly.

Kilu	Excuse me, what?

Kilu	You did the strength calculations, I just followed them.

Pertsa	We have to make more plans.

Kilu	Pertsa, wouldn't this be a good time to be without any new...? How long has he been following us?

Pertsa	I'm sure he's Suokko. He's searching for the yacht. Good thing I didn't mark it. Now we're fighting against time. But we have the coordinates, Suokko doesn't.

Kilu	Pertsa, That is Dealer Jere's car.

Pertsa	I should slash his tyres for selling us a broken engine.

Kilu	We won't do such things, right?

Kilu	Suokko!

Pertsa	Let's wait a moment and then slip...

Pertsa	Wait here and hide.

Liisa	I'd like to know our plan. This shoddy guest house isn't exactly what you promised. I'm used to comfortable life.

Suokko	Sure.

Liisa	And I'm not about to give it up. But I crave for adventure and excitement and sometimes poverty and backpacking. But not this. I crave for freedom and this feels like a prison.

Suokko	We'll move on soon.

Liisa	As soon as I'll find out the location of the yacht... 

Liisa	Two days. And then I'm leaving.

Suokko	Are you leaving?

Liisa	In two days.

Suokko	You can't leave, I won't let you.

Liisa	Are you going to hold me hostage?

Suokko	What the hell? Brat, what are you...? Hey! Don't think that you can get away from me!

Pertsa	Now it's all clear Scarface is holding his girl hostage. If we can prove it, the reward is even bigger. And we need to save Liisa anyway. Let's hide the car here for the time being  so Dealer Jere and Suokko won't have it easy. And we'll be one step ahead.

Kilu	How did you learn to drive? You don't even have a driving license.

Pertsa	I don't have a pilot's license either.

Pertsa	Let's run home through the forest.

Kilu	What about our bikes?

Pertsa	Let's get them tomorrow from the bushes.

Pertsa’s father	Right, son. You won't be running around any longer.

Pertsa’s mother	I was so worried about you!  I was imagining all sorts of things.

Pertsa’s father	Tomorrow, you'll paint the house.

Pertsa	But I...

Pertsa’s father	Tomorrow, you will paint the house. Good night.

Kilu’s mother	You'll stay home until the end of your summer break. And if you go missing one more time  we'll put you in a camp or a boarding school up north. Until Pertsa's family has moved to Imatra.

Kilu	That's not fair!

Kilu’s father	It is what it is. Good night.

Pertsa	We'll find the yacht and the money. Scarface will end up behind the bars. But we'll have to postpone the second phase with one day. Dad's making me paint the house.

Kilu	And Mum's making me plant flowers. And Pertsa...

Pertsa	Yes?

Kilu	I just... Or... Nothing. Station Two is turning in now.

Pertsa	Good night, Kilu.

Kilu	Good night, Pertsa.

Pertsa’s father	You have to scratch the old paint off or the new one won't stick.

Kilu’s mother	Be careful with the petals, darling Kalle! Treat them as gently as your dad treats his lawnmower.

Pertsa’s father	Detective, what is going on?

Detective Paavola	Have you seen any suspicious people around here?

Kilu’s mother	What has happened? Are we in danger?

Detective Paavola	No one is in danger. I'll take care of safety around here.

Pertsa’s father	Show-off.

Pertsa's mother	Shush!

Detective Paavola	I'm investigating some cases that you should be aware of. I'm sure you heard that someone robbed a bank a couple of days ago. Last night, someone broke into the jeweller's  and that's the end of the story. This morning, Dealer Jere reported a stolen car and boat. A scar-faced man had taken them out for a spin and never returned them. Based on my intuition and experience these crimes are linked.

Kilu’s father	And what do we have to...?

Detective Paavola	I'd like all residents to keep their eyes open. 

Kilu's mother	Of course.

Detective Paavola	Let me know if anything suspicious happens. And only me. But again, the situation is in control. I already have several leads. Do not worry. Goodbye and have a good day.

Kilu’s mother	This is absolutely terrible!

Pertsa	Kilu!

Kilu	I shouldn't.

Pertsa	The second phase has to start immediately.

Pertsa	It's clear that Paavola is after the rewards. If he finds the wreck...

Kilu	We can't think of the reward now. We have to tell everything to Paavola. We hid Dealer Jere's car. Now Paavola's looking for it.

Pertsa	Kilu... 

Kilu	I say we tell all.

Kilu	The rewards don't matter. Money isn't that important.

Pertsa	Exactly, for you and for your family. Because you have money.

Kilu	You're stupid if you think that...

Pertsa	You'd better stay home!

Kilu	You won't...

Pertsa	Shut up! I'm off to build a submarine.

Suokko	Tonight, I'll find the yacht  so we can go...

Liisa	I've had enough. I wanted a tough guy and what did I get? A coward posing as a gangster.

Suokko	Liisa, I just...

Liisa	Are you cut out for this or aren't you? What? Is this from a novelty shop? Is anything about you real?

Kilu	Pertsa, you woke me up.

Pertsa	Kilu, I started building. It would be nicer to build together. 

Pertsa	I'm sorry that I... I'm sorry that I pushed you. I didn't really... Do you still...? Do you still want to follow me?

Kilu	Good night.

Vappu	What are you building?

Kerttu	Can we help?

Pertsa	You can, help is more than welcome. We'll start a team. Five inside men and I. Men and women who know it all. The name of the team will be The Last Khans.

Vappu	Who will be part of it? I, of course, you two, Iikka, Topi and Väinö.

Kerttu	You forgot Kilu.

Pertsa	He's not part of this operation. First, you could invite the Khans for a briefing. Brothers! Sisters! Khans! We are gathered here for a great mission.

Pertsa	Pirkko? Oh no!

Pertsa	What are you doing here? How dare you show your face here! Are you going to write another false article?

Pirkko	I heard of this secret society and I wanted to be part of it. And I guess my article was a bit false. I didn't check the story. I'm sorry if I hurt you.

Pertsa	Fine then. The Khan has a new member. We are gathered here for a great mission. A hardened criminal is on the loose and the police are helpless.

Topi	Is this about the bank robbery and the jeweller's case? The same Scarface did them both. He has a large amount of money at the bottom of the sea  and I'm the only one who knows the location. When I'll finish the submarine I'll locate the yacht  and tell everything to the law.

Pirkko	That was a good speech, chief.

Iikka	Just tell us what to do.

Pertsa’s mother	"You have to believe that this is the solution to everything." "I don't know how long I'll be gone but don't worry  because when I come back everything will be fine." "I love you all."

Pertsa's sister	My workplace's cook Veikko saw Pertsa driving a car.

Pertsa’s mother	A car? 

Pertsa’s sister	To a harbour warehouse the night before last.

Pertsa’s mother	Let's be firm but not angry. He wrote such a lovely letter.

Pertsa’s father	I have to say a couple of firm words to him.

Vappu	Hello!

Pertsa's mother	What are you doing here?

Vappu	This is our doll club.

Iikka	I'm teaching how to make clothes and doll houses.

Pirkko	And I'm writing an article how doll play can help later on in life. When children grow up.

Pertsa’s father	Right, we're looking for our Pertsa.

Vappu	We saw him yesterday. He said he was heading to Rome.

Iikka	Or he had a transfer flight there. The ticket was to London.

Pirkko	He told me he was heading to New York.  Although I think he made it up. He has such a vivid imagination!

Pertsa’s mother	Right. 

Pirkko	He couldn't had gone further than Oslo.

Pertsa’s father	We'll leave you to it. 

Pertsa's mother	Bye then.

Pertsa’s mother	Oslo?

Vappu	Coast is clear.

Pertsa	Let's continue! Pertsa	All done! Go home and get some sleep. The last briefing is tomorrow morning before the big dive.

Pirkko	Shouldn't you go home as well? Your parents are really worried.

Pertsa	I can't do that. If I'll go home now I won't be able to go on the dive.

Pirkko	I hope you know that the Khans won't join you on the dive.

Pertsa	There's no room for them. I built this for the two of us, me and Kil... I'll do the dive alone.

Pirkko	Maybe I could... Or... Good night, Pertsa.

Pertsa	Good night.

Pertsa	Thank you, Repa, for moving our submarine to the shore. Now you can move the car to the right place with your brother. Then you've done your job.

Repa	Right.

Pertsa	Now, brave Khans. You know what to do. You can do your duty now.

Khans	Understood!

Vappu and Kerttu	Understood!

Pertsa	Go!

Pertsa	Pirkko? You were supposed to go with Vappu and Kerttu.

Pirkko	I want to come to the dive.

Pertsa	No, it's too dangerous.

Pirkko	That's why I won't let you go alone. And I promised our editor an article about the state of the Baltic Sea  from the viewpoint of a young adventurer. And there's room for two.

Pertsa	Come on then. The submarine has a working engine. This is where we start it. However, we can't use it during the dive  because it won't get enough oxygen.

Pirkko	How do we get enough oxygen?

Pertsa	We'll breathe infrequently. We'll move the submarine by pedalling. After that it'll move on its own with the current. The submarine dives when we pull these levers. The valves open and barrels on the sides are filled with water. And when we surface  the barrels should be emptied by using a hand pump.

Pirkko	Should be emptied?

Pertsa	There are some risks. You don't have to...

Pirkko	But I want to. Let's go. 

PIrkko	What was that?

Pertsa	It was only driftwood.

Pirkko	Driftwood? Maybe so.

Pertsa	We'll go towards that direction for  minutes  and only then we'll dive. The yacht is several hundreds of... ...metres' away, northwest from the rocks.

Pirkko	Someone's on the deck.

Pertsa	We have to go further. If we dive now, the oxygen won't last. We have to dive now!

Pirkko	What if it's Suokko? I pedal, you steer.

Pirkko	Kilu!

Pertsa	What?

Kilu!

Kilu	I will always follow you!

Pertsa	Come in and close the hatch!  We'll soon be underwater. Close the valves so that the water won't get in.

Pertsa	We'll do this together!

Kilu	Exactly!

Pertsa	I can't believe that you're here!

Kilu	I couldn't let you go on your own.

Pirkko	Pertsa! Kilu_ Oh hi, Pirkko!

Pirkko	Should the captain steer the submarine?

Pertsa	Kilu, take care of the pedalling so we'll get into the current.

Pirkko	This is unbelievable, like a dream. Or a film. Kilu, come and sit down so I can take photographs.

Pertsa	The rocks are straight ahead. Let's turn northwest and keep the direction. The water is getting murky when we get into the eutrophic area. I saw it from the aeroplane.

Pirkko	The aeroplane?

Kilu	We built one before Pertsa came up with the submarine.

Pirkko	It figures.

Pirkko	I knew that the sea was eutrophic  but this still surprises me.

Pertsa	We have to come up with something. I'll invent a purification plant that the fleet will carry. And the ships will use wind power  and pull a net that collects all algae...

Kilu	We hit the bottom! Pull up!

Pertsa	The stem was in strain but it's all good now.

Pirkko	Maybe you should now concentrate on this operation  and only then purify the ocean. 

Pertsa	Okay.

Pertsa	According to my calculations, we're near the wreck site.

Detective Paavola	Leads and... 

Jere the Dealer	Good day, detective. A note wrapped around a rock was thrown through an open window. It says: "Go to the police station and you'll get your car back."

Detective Paavola	"Dear police, we have figured out it all: the bank robbery, the missing yacht,  the robbery at the jeweller's and Dealer Jere's stolen car." "Drive to the Kievarikaveri Guest House with sirens on." "Act immediately. The Last Khans."

Pertsa	There it is.

Kilu	What next?

Pertsa	Kilu, release the buoy. It'll surface and we'll follow. Then I'll follow the rope and dive the money. I have the diving gear ready.

Pirkko	You're unbelievably brave!

Kilu	Pertsa, I can't release the buoy. 

Topi	Hey! You there! I know you can hear me! Hello! Open the window so you'll hear me better.


Suokko	What are you whining, brat?

Topi	I'm a benefactor. I came to warn you and brought you a getaway car. 

Suokko	What?

Topi	The police will be here soon. You should start the engine now. The keys are in the ignition.

Suokko	What are you...? I can't believe it. 

Jere the Dealer	 Full throttle! We can't let that guy get away!

Detective Paavola	No one gets away from me. We'll catch him red-handed.

Iikka	Now!

Jere the Dealer	You would be far worse off if Paavola wouldn't be here.

Suokko	I've done nothing wrong!

Detective Paavola	I've just made an arrest. The case is starting to unravel. Right! Now you'll tell me where your girl is. 

Suokko	She's gone.

Detective Paavola	So you say. I'll check the guest house. The poor girl is probably locked up there. Cuff him up and put him on the back seat. Let's drive to the guest house.

Kilu	The buoy is stuck.

Pertsa	Let me.

Pirkko	Pertsa! Water is pouring in! What do we do? Help! 

Kilu	 We need to surface!

Pertsa	We need the buoy!

Kilu	Forget it!

Pertsa	I got it! We have to try to get to the surface! We're in a hurry!

Kilu	I can't open the hatch! Help me!

Pirkko	Help! Do something!

Pertsa	I'm coming! Help me! 

Pertsa	We have to swim to the island.

Pirkko	We won't make it. It's miles away.

Kilu	Pirkko, we'll make it.

Pertsa	Adventure?

Pirkko	It's a ghost ship.

Detective Paavola	The case is clear as day. But the house is empty. Now you'll tell me where the girl and the rest of the stolen jewellery are.

Suokko	I don't know anything and I've done nothing wrong.

Suokko	Right, I'll tell you. Let go! I don't know where Liisa is. She disappeared with the jewellery.

Detective Paavola	The scar. Where is your scar? The bank robber had a scar.

Pertsa	Liisa? What are you doing here?

Liisa	You saved us before, now it was my turn.

Pertsa	But you're a hostage.

Liisa	A hostage? Me?

Liisa	Rubbish! Eino couldn't do that. He really can't do anything else either. He robbed the bank to impress me and thought that money would do it. I wanted adventure and excitement, not money. I had to take care of it myself. I'm now heading to Stockholm since I've been trying to get there for a while. Tell the detective that I'll be in touch when the time is right. Then he can question me. ake care of each other. The whole loot is now yours!

Pertsa	I don't get it! 

Pirkko	The whole loot?

Pirkko	I've never seen his much money in my life.

Pertsa	Liisa dove them from under our noses. Someone came to the harbour warehouse last night. Liisa, she took the coordinates. That's why she found the yacht. She wanted to give the money back when she knew where they were. But Suokko had time to stash the jewellery somewhere.

Kilu	Or it might have been Liisa. uokko didn't rob the jeweller's.

Pertsa	Yes, he did. We saw him watching us from the boat. And then he drove to the jeweller's. 

Kilu	Did he?

Kilu	Liisa robbed the jeweller's!

Kilu	She said the whole loot.

Pertsa	"To Detective Paavola." "And boys, take care of yourselves and each other."

Detective Paavola	Hello? Is this Pertsa's mother?

Pertsa's mother	Speaking. This is Detective Paavola. 

Pertsa's mother	Hello. 

Detective Paavola	Pertsa and Kilu have been found. 

Pertsa's mother	Have they? How wonderful! Detective Paavola	The boys have been found but the situation is  that there's driving, flying and diving without a license. 

Pertsa’s mother	What?
Pertsa’s mother	Pertti and Kalle have been found.

Kilu’s mother	Thank God!

Pertsa’s mother	The boys are at the police station. They had a bag of jewellery and a sack of money with them. Detective Paavola	You'll be getting a reward. Both from Kotka Bank as well as Mielonen Jewellery. And as promised, the esteemed Mister Hapula will give you a reward for finding his yacht. Then there's driving without a driving license and other things. And you, parents... You should be proud of your sons.

Pirkko	You did come. I figured that you wouldn't want to go home. I have something for you. It's on the centre spread.

Pertsa	Hey! We got some of the reward already. You're the oldest of the Khans so you can give these to others.

Pirkko	You don't need to.

Pertsa	But we want to.
Pirkko	It's wonderful that you're not moving away.

Pirkko	Bye then!

Kilu	Right! Now, Pertsa!

Kilu	Here! Pertsa? Hey, Pertsa!

Pertsa	Kilu, look! What is this?

Kilu	It's really old. Centuries old or even older. Where did it come from?

Pertsa	A map! This might be important.

Kilu	We have to go now. Let's show it to the history teacher when school starts. They might know what it is.

Kilu	Let's go, Pertsa! Pertsa!

Pertsa	My gut says that there's something out there.

Kilu	Something waiting to be found.

Pertsa	Kilu, I will always follow you.
