MADS	You’re so awesome, I can’t even stand or breathe when I think of you...

MADS	I will ALWAYS be your girl, Jesus.

ADDICT	When you’re a sex and love addict, the pain of your withdrawal is something inside you that’s been wanting to surface for a long time... ...

MADS	That’s fuckin’ awesome, by the way. They let you graffiti on church walls in California?

FLORENCIO	Priest here’s cool, long as it’s nice. Ran out of paint, though.

FLORENCIO	Nah. I got money. It’s against the law for me to buy paint.

MADS	Why?

FLORENCIO	I’m not eighteen.

MADS	That’s a stupid-as-shit law.

MADS	You got a Wally’s around here?

FLORENCIO	Thanks. Really cool of you.

MADS	Oh, we’re not done. See, now you go back in there, put ten more cans in this bag and then walk on out. But don’t bother with the cashiers, if they stop ya at the door. Just show them this receipt and tell ‘em you already paid but you misplaced your keys and came back in for ‘em. I got you the cheapest brand, but you can buy whatever you want this time, long as you get the same colors... all rings up as paint.

MADS	Trust me. Long as you show a receipt, no one gives a good damn. I used to be a stock girl for Wallys.

MADS	They make billions and all their employees are on food stamps. That’s gotta be some kind of sin. And it’s not like we’re stealing, ‘cause we already paid once and they mark shit up double. We’re just setting it square.

MADS	Make something beautiful with it.

MADS	Hey-ya. My friends asked me to pick something up? Said you knew I’d be coming. I’m Mads.

ERIC	Ah. Evie’s friend from home. They do grow ‘em pretty in Texas. You’re late.

MADS	Traffic.

ERIC	Come in, Honey.

ERIC	You want something?

MADS	I’m good.

ERIC	So, you out here to be an actress?

MADS	Wouldn’t describe myself as such.

ERIC	Most people come here to be something. Escape whatever unseen, invalidated life they came from. Are you ambitious

MADS	Ambition always seemed like a pointy word to me. An arrow or a thorn, depending on your approach to things. Though, I do feel like I am meant for something. Or someone.

ERIC	A romantic? You are a rare animal.

ERIC	Take some advice from a native son. Keep moving. Stand around here too long, you’ll get stuck. This place is a trap. Like those tar pits, down by the museums... thousands of years ago, this whole valley was a swamp. Animals came hundred of miles... mammoths, saber tooth cats, dire wolves, all of them lured by the scent of sweet water... but the ground under this place, it’s not solid. It’s tar, black and sticky as the Devil’s shit. And those animals, they got trapped in it and their dying cries brought scavengers looking for an easy meal... and they got stuck, too. Thousands of years later, scientists are pulling fossils out of there, skeletons all mixed up...
ERIC	Be careful, or someday, someone will be digging YOU up. With so many bones, they wont even be able to tell you apart.

ERIC	Trick to LA is, take a little sip from the spring, spread your wings, catch the breeze and ride out of here before you get stuck.

MADS	How come Dealers gotta talk like Preachers? Laying wisdom on you, telling you how it is? It’s a sales pitch, so you can go out and sling whatever it is they’re selling. Sounds like good advice, Mister.

ERIC	Evie, tells me you’re working the club tonight?

MADS	I’m checking it out.

ERIC	You can always work for me.

MADS	I’m only doing this ‘cause I have a car and I was in the neighborhood. I got a real job.

ERIC	I know your ride. Your plates. Your friends. So, what don’t I know about you, Mads?

MADS	Not much to know about me.

ERIC	I texted the girls the addresses. Have fun, be safe out there.

MADS	And Jesus said, "I am the Light of the world and he who follows Me will not walk in the darkness, but shall have the Light of life..."

MADS	You just gettin’ up?

ADDY	No. I worked today.

MADS	Oh, Addy. I LOVE it.

ADDY	Everything I do is so small.

MADS	I met this kid today, making the most beautiful mural.

ADDY	Oh, yeah? Where?

MADS	I forget. Still don’t know where I am here half the time.

ADDY	What is up with you? We don’t hear from you for six months then you show up, no explaining where you been, who you were with...

MADS	Had some time on my own. Now I’m here. All there is.

ADDY	What’d you think of Eric?

MADS	Thought he would never shut up.

MADS	Shoot. I gotta close tonight.

EVIE	Quit that dumb job...

MADS	Hey, sleepy-Evie.

EVIE	You could make way more selling Eric’s stuff and you only gotta work a couple hours. And you’d be with us.

ADDY	You still coming to the club with us tonight?

MADS	After work. Not like I got somewhere else to be.

ADDY	Meet us at eleven or you can’t get in. They don’t want any old randos off the street in there.

EVIE	You nervous?

MADS	About some club? NO. Should I be?

EVIE	It’s a long way from Corpus, Baby. That’s for damn sure.

MADS	You both suck. Later skaters.

MADS	Sorry. We’re closed.

SABINE	Don’t you know who they are?

SABINE	Bon Soir. Window shopping, non?

MUSICIAN	Maybe. I saw YOU from outside.

SABINE	Whoa. So cheesy.

MUSICIAN	Whoa. Are you French?

SABINE	Oui.

MUSICIAN	That’s hot.

MADS	I thought you were from Montreal?

MUSICIAN	Oh... you mean, Canada-French.

SABINE	My family live there.

MUSICIAN	Word.

MUSICIAN	Maybe I’ll see you around.

MADS	Word.

EVIE	It’s better inside. I promise.

MADS	Do not tell me there’s a secret knock...

MADS	A KEY? Like fucking Harry Potter?

EVIE	Just wait...

MADS	I can’t see shit.

MADS	Are you kidding?

EVIE	Told you. 

MADS	You guys...

ADDY	Don’t panic. There’s the manager.

REDHEAD	Hello, Ladies. Come with me. 

ADDY	I’m in ove.

REDHEAD	Like a young Madonna, huh?

ADDY	Ha! Mads has a total Jesus-thing.

MADS	Yep. I’m a freak for my Jesus.

ADDY	How ya doin’, Bud?

MADS	Yeah. It’s a lot... for a sister.

ADDY	It’s less weird if you’re high.

MADS	Dude. I already had six shots.

MADS	No.

ADDY	It’s like good for you. I made it myself. Tiny Shroom, tiny Molly. Mostly bee pollen and ginseng.Gotta move Eric’s stuff, after. Come on, Baller. Eat up.

ADDY	Check her out.

MADS	That’s when you first came to me. And I felt your love. And I knew... I belonged to you.

EVIE	There you are! Your shift’s done. You okay, Boo?

EVIE	Then get changed. We’re goin’ out.

WOMAN	Tell Addy, her thirty days are up. Next time you open the door, it’ll be the cops.

MADS	Yes. Ma’am. Thank you.

HIPSTER	S’up?

MADS	Shit!

CLEMENT	On time. What a good girl.

CLEMENT	Ah-ha. Maybe... not so good?

MADS	Kinda late night. No. Really late.

CLEMENT	Come. Let me dress you.

MADS	Want to, uh, hand it to me?

CLEMENT	Don’t be so American. It’s unattractive.

MADS	Oh, Lordy, this is fine. 

CLEMENT	From the shows. Maybe I bring you next time. You have a unique style, we could train you to buy. It’s a good career.

MADS	Are you for real? Paris? I don’t even own a passport.

CLEMENT	You should aim higher.

CLEMENT	It looks good on you. Keep it.

CLEMENT	What?

MADS	This dress costs seven hundred dollars.

CLEMENT	I have to meet a stylist in Malibu, bring them some samples. Come with me. Sabine can cover for you here.

MADS	Shoot. I better get out there.

WIFE	OUT.

MADS	I just...

WIFE	Get OUT!

MADS	I need to change into my clothes first...

WIFE	Texas trash! You think he would ever be with YOU? You work for minimum..

ADDY	Who the fuck WAS he, Evie?!

EVIE	I don’t know! We were dancing, he came back here with us and...

MADS	What’s goin’ on?

ADDY	The money. It’s all gone! And with the gear we didn’t sell.

EVIE	There was eight grand in there!

ADDY	That dude must’ve seen you, with this dumbass THING on and marked you. And you were stupid enough to bring him home!

MADS	Stop yelling at her. You got played, baby. It’s okay.

EVIE	It’s so goddamn not. I feel like I’m gonna have a stroke.

MADS	We have to call Eric.

ADDY	I did. He’s freaking out.

EVIE	He said he hooked that stuff up from some new guy in town. Eric seems real afraid of him...

MADS	Oh. Meant to tell you about that.

ADDY	You gotta be kidding me.

EVIE	Mads... I’m scared.

MADS	It wasn’t a Kilo, Yo. It’s only eight grand. We’ll figure it out.

ADDY	Only! You gonna work it off at the store?

MADS	I got fired today.

ADDY	No. Did they give you that dress? We’re so fucked.

ADDY	We don’t keep them, Loser.

MADS	I’m borrowing it.

MADS	Stop crying, Evie. Trust in Jesus. Just ‘cause you can’t see a way, doesn’t mean God ain’t got a plan.

RADIO ANNOUNCER	Southern California is bracing for more wildfires this weekend, as one of the worst heat waves in the history of the state...

MADS	Shitballs.

MADS	How many hollow lives do we lead, until we to learn to swallow Love whole? Be who we were, before it all got so ragged and untrue...

MADS	Not one of ‘em would rent to me. Don’t worry. I’ll figure it out.

ERIC	Bubba, you okay?

BUBBA	I’m fine. Mr. Grundy!

ERIC	So... you’re the brave one.

ERIC	I was not expecting that from YOU.

MADS	Yeah, I’m full of surprises.

ERIC	This doesn’t fix your problem.

MADS	I don’t have a problem.

ERIC	How’s that?

MADS	The missing eight grand, that’s on you, Bud.We don’t have shit, you know it.

ERIC	I can MAKE you get that money.

MADS	You’re no pimp. You’re just a has been tv star, with a gamblin’ addiction and a coke habit. New girls think it’s impressive you know people in this town? You’re so mild, it’s funny. But if what Addy says is true, and you were fronted the gear by some new guy...

MADS	That means you’re broke and he must be in some kind of trouble, ‘cause nobody serious runs this kind of business with no security. That is desperation behavior. Out of control. And that shit ends bad. Like I said... I don’t have a problem.YOU do.

ERIC	What did you come here for, then?

MADS	Hot as fuck. You got central air.

MADS	And grown-ass men shouldn’t vape. It looks silly as hell.

MADS	I’m so sorry. The door was...

VEDA	You have nothing to be sorry for.

MADS	Thanks. 


WOMAN	I’m Veda.

MADS	I don’t have much money.

MADS	I don’t know what I’m doing here.

VEDA	Not many of us do.

MADS	I just lost my job.

VEDA	You’ll get another one. How much have you got?

MADS	Seven dollars.

MADS	Ma’am, uh... can I just ask you one thing. For seven dollars?

VEDA	Keep it.

VEDA	You didn’t come into this world, little sister. You came out of it. You’re not a stranger here...

MADS	But am I gonna get stuck?

VEDA	Wake up and find out who you ARE. YOU already know what to do.

MADS	Two hundred and seventy dollars! Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord!

MADS	Mazel tov!

ADDY	You’re crazy. What if someone asks you what nun-house you’re with?

MADS	My google-fu is strong, Bitch. I looked that shit up.

MADS	First of all, it’s called an order and mine is “Sisters of the Faithful” which I made up from bits of other ones.

EVIE	That’s good, Mads. Sounds legit.

MADS	Thank you. And we all dress a bit different but the main thing is, people don’t usually see us ‘cause we live in cloisters...

EVIE	Oysters? Like little pearls?

MADS	It means we live apart from society. But when our communities become too large, we must set out upon a pilgrimage, to find a new home. Where our prayers can enrich the lives of those around us.

ADDY	You’re telling people you came to Hollywood to start a convent?

EVIE	They do call it sin city.

ADDY	That’s Vegas, Goofball.

EVIE	This is so much better than selling drugs. Seriously, you guys. I feel GOOD about what I’m doing. You should’ve seen how happy it was making people.

ADDY	Drugs make people happy.

EVIE	Not forever.

ADDY	Nothing makes people happy forever.

MADS	Just get the Habits. I gotta go.

EVIE	Where? 

MADS 	Mass. Duh.

ADDY	You’re gonna impersonate a Nun in a church? They won’t even let you in the door!

MADS	Good girls go to heaven... Bad girls, go everywhere.


LIBRARIAN	Good day, Sister.

MADS	Good day, to you Ma’am. I am in need of a public computer? To send an email...When I took my vows, I renounced owning any personal devices.

LIBRARIAN	Of course...

LIBRARIAN	Are you visiting Los Angeles, Sister? I hear an accent.

MADS	Oh, our little convent back home is bursting at the seams. My mother superior sent myself and two of my sisters out here to look for a new home, to better spread our divinity.

LIBRARIAN	Where are you staying?

MADS	A matter of some question, I’m afraid. But I’m just leaving it up to Jesus.

LIBRARIAN	Let me know if you need anything.

MADS	Yeesh, Ladies. God’s got nothin’ against a little lipstick.

LIBRARIAN	I hope I’m not interrupting but I just got off the phone with one of our board members, Maria Ramirez... everyone calls her Sunny. Lovely woman and a very generous donor here, devout catholic, as well. Poor Dear, recently lost her husband.

LIBRARIAN	I hope I’m not being too forward, but I thought you and your sisters might pay her a visit. If you need a place to stay, she’s got more than enough room. I think she would welcome the company.

MADS	That is SO thoughtful. Bless you.

MADS	Leave it in God’s hands... and you will see God’s hand in everything.

MADS	No way.

SISTER JULIE	May God be with you.

MADS	And also with you...

SISTER JULIE	I’m Sister Julie. Welcome to St...

MADS	Uh-huh. And to you, too.

MADS	Bless you, Sister.

SISTER JULIE	God be with you...

FLORENCIO	Yo!

FLORENCIO	You like it?

MADS	It’s amazing.

MADS	That your crew?

FLORENCIO	Just my cousins checkin’ on me.

MADS	You being good?

FLORENCIO	Hell, yeah. I don’t mess around with none of that banger shit. I‘ll see you around.

MADS	Did you get them? YAY! Okay. Meet me at 12823 Lafelle drive. Oh my god, Addy. You GOTTA see this fucking priest...

ERIC	SHIT!

ERIC	Bullets!? Where are the fucking BULLETS....

ERIC	No! Bubba! Go home!

ERIC	SHIT! Answer the door or I’ll kill him.

ERIC	No. No...

ERIC	Let him go, Luca.

TUFF	Name’s Tuff but I work for Luca. Let us in. Eric.

ERIC	Stay cool, Pal. This is a friend. We’re playing a little, uh, game. C’mon, Man. This has nothing to with the kid...

ERIC	You FREAK! You ANIMAL!

ERIC	Stay back...

ERIC	I was gonna call Luca, I swear.

ERIC	Nooorrrr. Whar duwant...

TUFF	I’ve been thinking about you, Eric. What’s your purpose? What function do you serve?

TUFF	For any social structure to work, there must be a system, eh? Each individual serving for the benefit of the whole? If one cannot perform his function, then another must take his place...

TUFF	Ah. And these are the females who lost Luca’s merchandise?

TUFF	Ohhhhhh. Camponotus!

TUFF	Look at this! The queen is having her nuptial flight! Oh, she will mate with many males today. And they will ALL die but SHE will live... to begin a NEW colony.

TUFF	Oh, my Sugar-ee...

TUFF	Now, here is a really fascinating thing. There is a species of carpenter ant, Colobopsis Cylindrica from Malaysia, did you know, her body is filled with poisonous venom, a yellow GOO. Smells like, like curry, actually.

TUFF	But if her nest is threatened by an outsider...

TUFF	This magnificent creature can explode her OWN HEAD in a suicide and release a toxic substance onto her enemy... What a soldier!

TUFF	This is what I’m talking about, Eric. PURPOSE!

BUBBA	Mr. Grundy?!

MADS	Yeah, I know. It’s my “Reservoir Dogs” moment. Thanks for letting me have it.

EVIE	This is exactly how heaven smells.

ADDY	I think I saw this in an art book.

SUNNY	Sisters... welcome to my home.

MADS	She’s not the Queen, you idiot.

SUNNY	You’ll have to excuse me. I’m afraid my eyes aren’t what they used to be.

ADDY	You look so cool.

SUNNY	I’ve become terribly sensitive to light. A shame, really, the light has always been one of my favorite things about living in Southern California.Alicia will show you to your quarters. I hope you will join me for tea in the sun room when you’ve settled in. Please, let me know if there’s anything you need. And thank you... for coming.

ADDY	How the hell are we gonna pull this off!?

MADS	Got a better idea? You rented the costumes for a week, right? We’ll work different spots everyday and come back here to sleep. But don’t be smelling like cigarettes and no swearing...

MADS	Just till we figure something out.

EVIE	I feel bad for her. All this money and no family to share it with.

ADDY	Are you kidding? She played her cards right. She can do whatever she wants and not have to look after anyone.

EVIE	My idea of hell. Alone after the people you loved died and everyone you know is old and sad and don’t even know what to look forward to ‘cause they did all the big stuff in Life already?

ADDY	She doesn’t seem old. Just sad. I mean, she’s so beautiful, still. She carries herself like... I dunno. Not like old Buzzy in her housecoat and grey ass toenails.

ADDY	Nana. With her Grinch hair and her Pal Mals?

MADS	That woman smelled worse than a bag of old potatoes.

EVIE	Oh, poor old Buzzy.

MADS	Put those things on silent. It’s more proper if we don’t have them.

ADDY	It’s Eric. Should I answer?

MADS	As long as he doesn’t know where we are, it’s not our problem.

ADDY	Eric’s not a bad guy.

EVIE	I feel bad about sticking him with it. It was my fault and all.

MADS	If he can’t cover his own risk, he’s in over his head. That’s just not how to run a business.

ADDY	I hope he paid his guy back. He was pretty freaked out about it.

MADS	Fuck him.

EVIE	No swearing, Sister. I wonder what Mrs. Ramirez does here all by herself?

EVIE	Ninety six bucks and change.

MADS	Grocery stores are better. We’ll hit those up tonight.

EVIE	Is there like an extra curse on people who pretend to be saints?

MADS	Nuns aren’t saints. They’re normal people who work for God by doing charity. And as we are technically homeless, we’re just cutting out the middle man.

ADDY	You can justify anything, Mads.

MADS	No. I can’t.

ADDY	What is it? You been acting different since you showed up.

MADS	Giving us this money makes people feel good. I sure as hell can’t justify everything but I don’t question anything that comes from Love. If we hurry we can still make it.

ADDY	Where we going?

MADS	To pray for our sins, Baby. Nobody gets something for nothin’.

MADS	And then... when you receive the communion, you are united with Jesus and he becomes a part of you...

EVIE	Aren’t you gonna take a turn?

MADS	I wish. I can’t. I have to do penance for all the bad stuff we been doing first.

EVIE	They got so many rules.

MADS	Shush. I gotta talk to my Jesus.

MADS	O My Jesus, forgive us our sins. And mostly for that other super- bad thing I did which I’m so, so sorry for Lord. Amen.

EVIE	Reminds me of playing cards on your bed, our Mamas drinking Blue Ribbon and watching Jeopardy in the next room. I’m supposed to be dancing at the club right now.

MADS	We gotta do this curfew thing or Sunny’ll be on to us.

EVIE	How long we gonna stay with Mrs. Ramirez?

MADS	‘Till we get enough together to rent a hotel that takes cash. Or we could just get in my car and go.

EVIE	Where?

MADS	I don’t know. Home.

EVIE	Leave? Back to Corpus? Back to Shrimporee and havin’ two malls?

MADS	Evie...

EVIE	I know it was me who messed up. But I don’t want to go back! Ever! This is the only place I wanted to get to in my whole Life. Please, Mads. Tell me it’s gonna be okay.

MADS	We’re gonna be okay. I promise.

SUNNY	Do you like them?

SUNNY	They were for Madame Butterfly. The opera. Do you know Puccini?

ADDY	Not really. Mrs. Ramirez, I gotta say, you have so many beautiful things. Closest I ever got to art growing up was painting floats for Buccaneer days.

ADDY	You have vinyl? That’s so cool... I mean, um... classic.

SUNNY	I like scratches. Means it’s been loved.

ADDY	Did you make these?

SUNNY	When I was about your age, I apprenticed as a costume designer for the Opera in New York.

ADDY	New York. Wow. You were a designer?

SUNNY	I had hoped to be after I graduated art school but instead I married the handsome young conductor. I was raised in a strict family, no hanky panky before the wedding...So, the wedding came sooner than expected.

ADDY	You’re so talented. If you left art school, then what did you end up becoming?

SUNNY	Such a funny question. What have I become? I don’t know. I have become an old lady talking to a Nun. I did what I did. Married. Had children. Followed my husband here for his career.

ADDY	Where are your children?

SUNNY	Our son died in a motorcycle accident when he was nineteen.

ADDY	I’m so sorry.

SUNNY	He was wild. A wild boy. Such fun. We left New York, came to California. My husband composed for the movies and we made our life here...

ADDY	I’ve never been to the opera.

SUNNY	This one is my favorite.

ADDY	Sounds sad

SUNNY	Life is sad.

SUNNY	But you should see Butterfly for yourself, some day. I know it’s not the fashion these days to say this, but Puccini was a romantic and a rascal. He liked fast cars, loved women and hunting... and you hear this, his masculine passion in his work. He brings you all the emotions. Some are exquisite and some are terrible. Butterfly is a victim of her situation but in the end, she determines her own fate...

ADDY	No one should ever have to give up their dreams - even for love.

SUNNY	But to sacrifice for Love is our highest calling. Don’t you agree, Sister?

ADDY	Of course. Praise be.

SUNNY	Good night, Sister Addy.

RADIO	When they ask me,”What did yo do with your Life?”. I will tell them, I found LOVE. I found the one who sees me. Fights for me... Understands everything that made me...

MADS	Hey! You need some money? Come back!

MADS	What’s up, Girl?

ADDY	Eric kept calling, so I answered.

MADS	I told you not to... WHAT? Eric got SHOT? He wants to see me? I’m pretty close to there. No. I’ll go. I’ll meet you after. Love you.

MADS	Crap.

ERIC	What the hell?

MADS	Could say the same to you, Bud. 

MADS	Mind your own damn business.

MADS	Asshole.

ERIC	I don’t think he speaks English. 

MADS	Told ya it was gonna end bad. Addy says some guy named Luca did this? What is he, Sicilian? It wasn’t Luca. It was his muscle. Tuff. He’s some kind of cowboy...He found a picture of Evie and Addy. He knows they work the club.

MADS	Well, Tuff ain’t your real problem then, it’s Luca. Tell me about him. He connected?

ERIC	I’ve never met him. All I know is he’s a Hunziker.

MADS	A what?

ERIC	One of the most powerful families in Europe. Old money. Luca’s the Black Sheep. I heard, he’s got a perversion of the animal persuasion. Insects or something. Family lawyers wanted him gone, so they shipped him off. They say he married some kind of Asian princess.

MADS	Sounds like a pansy. And you let a cowboy do this to you? What the hell’s the matter with you? Don’t you own a damn gun?

ERIC	Luca is dangerous.

MADS	Some kinky fruitcake from the fuckin’ Alps? Gimme a break. My step-dad was an enforcer for the Hells Angels. He had a human ear tacked to the wall of our garage.

ERIC	His ear?

MADS	No, Man. Not his own damn ear.

ERIC	Mads, Luca’s family can afford the kind of lawyers that make anything he does go away. And I’m telling you, word is this guy is a psycho.

ERIC	How did you know I had a gambling problem?

MADS	Huh? Oh. Kinda went with the has- been-thing, I guess. What’s he want from us, anyway?

ERIC	I don’t know. Maybe, if you get him the money... he’ll back off.

MADS	That car of yours, can we sell it?

ERIC	It’s leased. I’m passed due on payments.

MADS	Well, that fuckin’ figures.

ERIC	I made such a mess of my life.

MADS	Then get your act together. You’re not SO old. Get married, have a couple kids or somethin’.

ERIC	I was married. She left me.

MADS	Why? 

ERIC	Azoospermia. 

MADS	A-zoo-what?

ERIC	I have no sperm in my semen.

MADS	You’re shooting blanks? I am starting to feel sorry for you.

ERIC	Luca will be looking for the girls.

MADS	I realize that. Thanks for the heads up, it’s pretty cool of you. Considering.

ERIC	I don’t want anyone to get hurt.

MADS	You’re not a bad guy. You know, me and my step-dad used to watch your TV show all the time. I even had a pretty big crush on your character. You’re a really good actor, Eric...

MADS	You were nice in bed, too. I liked being with you. Sorry, I was mean.

MADS	What’d’ya mean, she’s not with you?

ADDY	She wanted to go to spin class.

MADS	Addy, listen. Shit just got real. Eric is messed up bad. He’s lucky to be alive. The guy who shot him knows about you and Evie. We gotta find a way to pay him off and fast.

ADDY	Mads, where the hell are we gonna get eight grand?

MADS	I’ll figure it out. You get on up to the old lady’s and stay there, keep trying Evie. She’s too trusting to be on her own...

REDHEAD	You weren’t at work last night.

EVIE	I got a kinda curfew these days. It’s a long story...

REDHEAD	This guy was asking for you. High roller. Said he saw you dancing. Wants you to call him. He’s kinda hot. Good body. Dresses like a cowboy.

EVIE	I’ll think about it. I gotta run.

MADS	Go! JACKOFF!!

MADS	ord, lets make this next light... 

MADS	Amen! In your name, Jesus, A-men!

ADDY	Mrs. Ramirez?

ALICIA	Mrs. Ramirez is away tonight. When she goes to the symphony she likes to stay in a hotel downtown. I think she was hoping you might have joined her...

ADDY	She was going to take me to the symphony?

ALICIA	Is there anything you need before I leave, Sister?

ADDY	No. Thank you.

MAID	Remember to set the alarms when you go to bed.

ADDY	Come on, Evie. Where are you?

ADDY	Evie. Where are you? Stop crying. What? Oh my god. Stay where you are. I’ll be right there.

MADS	Hi. It’s me. I’m in trouble...

MADS	Ya’ll may see only the bad in me. But then, you don’t know the storm God asked me to walk through...

MADS	Maybe some part of me knew what was to come. Because I had been afraid to face God for a long time...

MADS	The danger of us sinning isn’t that God will stop forgiving us, but that we will stop seeking His forgiveness...

MADS	So I went to confess, and maybe, if I’m being totally honest... it was partly ‘cause he smelled like hot buttered toast and pine needles.

MADS	Father, I have sinned...

MADS	But you see, if you have accepted Jesus as your savior, then when you enter that sacred space, you are not sitting across from a mortal man, anymore...

MADS	That Priest has a kind of super- power, passed from Jesus himself to the Apostles and right on down to that priest your sitting with...

MADS	No matter what bad you’ve done, you are forgiven. Because Jesus, suffered pain and torture on the cross, so we could know the treasure of his Grace...

MADS	And if that ain’t the most badass kinda LOVE you ever heard of... I don’t know what is.

SISTER JULIE	Late to take confession, isn’t it?

PRIEST	It is never too late to seek God’s love.

SISTER JULIE	New member of our congregation?

PRIEST	Such a pleasure when the young take an interest in the faith.

SISTER JULIE	Uh-huh.

PRIEST	Have you come to talk, Sister? You look as if you have found some trouble.

SISTER JULIE	Oh, I don’t know that I found trouble. I think, maybe it just follows me around.

PRIEST	Trouble comes to us all. It is why we come to God. I believe, we know this better than most, you and I. There is nothing I can do for you?

SISTER JULIE	Nothing left to do... but smile, smile, smile.

MADS	Beer.

BARTENDER	He already paid for it.

TOMAS	Maddy. How’s it going?

MADS	Day like any other, Tomas. Sun goin’ up, sun goin’ down.

TOMAS	I thought you had left town.

MADS	I need eight grand. Not to borrow. I don’t want any strings with you.

TOMAS	That’s a lot of money.

MADS	Can you get it?

TOMAS	I have to make a call.

MADS	Then make a call.

TOMAS	Mads...

MADS	We are not gonna talk about it. Nothing we say will bring him back. If you do me this favor. I’ll forgive you. And at least you’ll have that. ‘Cause I won’t ever forgive myself.

TOMAS	You didn’t do anything...

MADS	I brought you there! It would never have happened if I hadn’t. The worst sin in this whole world is doing something bad to someone who did nothing to deserve it.

TOMAS	People make their own choices.

MADS	That’s a bullshit excuse and you know it. There’s innocence out there and when folks who know the bad side of things, like you and me Tomas, we got no right to bring our darkness into their light...This is the only thing I will ever ask of you.

MADS	After this, you won’t see me again. I promise you that. Gimme a bump.

TOMAS	You don’t do blow.

MADS	What do you know about me?

TOMAS	You’re not darkness, Mads. You’re just a fuck up.You can do it here. No one cares. I’ll be right back.

TOMAS	It’s done. Someone will bring it. What’s the matter?

MADS	Different than I remember.

TOMAS	Shit, Mads...

MADS	What?

TOMAS.	I mixed up the bindles.

MADS	What?

TOMAS	I have both. You took the brown.

MADS	Are you kidding? You MOTHERFUCKER! That was heroin? How much?

TOMAS	I don’t know. A lot.

TOMAS	It was an accident! Mads!

MADS	I knew it was too late. That warm honey-feeling was spreading through my body. I had just huffed enough to kill me...

TOMAS	Mads? You okay?

TOMAS	Look out front for her!

MADS	And when they ask me, ”What did you do with you Life?”. I will tell them, I found LOVE. I found the one who sees me. Fights for me. Understands everything that made me...

MADS	I pray the Lord my soul to keep and if I die... before I...

SISTER JULIE	HELP! Somebody! HELP US!

SISTER JULIE	Stay with me. Help is on the way.

MADS	Mama...

SISTER JULIE	I’m here, Honey. I’m right here, sweet girl. Lord in heaven, save this child...

MADS	And as I hung between the valley of the shadow and the halcyon lights of that hospital room, I realized... reality never did impress me much.

MADS	It became clear to me that my addictions to Sex and drugs was all just my fumbling attempt to be closer to God. To feel some kind of spiritual release. And as Sister Julie prayed over me, I felt the Spirit stir in me and I knew God wanted me for something...

MADS	Hey, Jesus. I’m back.

MADS	I’ve been better. Slow down. You’re talking too fast...He did hat?

MADS	Son-of-a-bitch, took EVIE?

MADS	Where are you?

MADS	You stay there. Make sure there’s people around you. I’m coming.

MADS	I gotta do this one more thing. Then, I’m done. I swear it.

MADS	Remember, I was telling you all about how confession works? Well, I never got to the last bit, because me and that Priest got busy but it has to do with penance. Makin’ amends? Well, SOMETIMES to make it right, we gotta IMPOSE that shit. Jesus is the nice one but Old God... he definitely digs on vengeance from time to time...

MADS	If you don’t believe me, just check out the old testament sometime. That’s some OG wrath. And I know, what I’m about to do, MUST be God’s will, ‘cause why else did he put us in the same hospital?

MADS	Hey, buddy. I’m gonna need that Swiss fuck’s number.

EVIE	We should just do as says for now and figure it out after. He said he won’t hurt us as long as we help him. He said he wants us to be his “Sister Bees”...

ADDY	Who told you this?

EVIE	Tuff did. After the other one in the dirt bike costume made me watch him put the honey on himself and have all those bugs crawl up...You never saw so many bugs.

ADDY	Tell me what Tuff said, Evie.

EVIE	He said they wouldn’t hurt us because we had a purpose. All we gotta do is work for Luca and they’ll take good care of us. All my pretty bees, is the words he used. All we had to do was...Go out with little packages and bring the money back to the nest.

ADDY	He called his house a nest? We have to go to the police.

EVIE	No! Tuff said the police can’t protect us from Luca. He’s very careful...We gotta do what he says, Addy.

ADDY	That FREAK was about to let his ants chew off your goddamn feet.

EVIE	Momma always said the bad you know is better than the bad you don’t.

ADDY	That does not apply here, Evie. Not even a little bit.

EVIE	What did Mads say?

ADDY	She said to wait for her.

EVIE	Do we have to go back home?

ADDY	Ya think?

EVIE	Hollywood was my dream, Addy. The only one I ever had.

ADDY	Some dream. Hiding from a bug- lovin’ psycho in Norm’s diner at five o’clock in the morning? We fucked up, Sissy. We blew it and that is how it is.

EVIE	Don’t be mean, right now.

ADDY	I’m sorry. C’mon. Don’t cry. I don’t want leave either...I was starting to like it here.

SISTER JULIE	I found your address in her car.

SUNNY	The sisters were staying here.

SISTER JULIE	Sisters?

SUNNY	I was away last evening. You said, hospital, is everything all right?

SISTER JULIE	Mrs. Ramirez, the girl, sorry girls, who were staying here... They were not truly of the cloth. I’m afraid they took advantage of your kindness. I know it must be a terrible shock to invite someone into your home and then find out...Is there anything you can tell me about them? I would like to get a hold of a family member, or next of kin, if I can.

SUNNY	Please, will you join me for tea?

SUNNY	As I said, I was out last night. When I returned home this morning, my maid found this...

SISTER JULIE	It’s lovely.

SUNNY	All of these were in an old drawer. I never thought to put them up. But it makes the room... brighter. Don’t you think?

SISTER JULIE	The girls did this?

SUNNY	Learning a new way to do old things, takes a certain attitude. You need to enjoy it, as it’s own kind of thrill. And not mind a bit of mess...

SISTER JULIE	Life is messy.

SUNNY	I’ve always been awed by those who have chosen your way of Life, the sacrifices you’ve made...

SUNNY	When I was a little girl, there was a convent in the hills above our family home. My brother and I, would climb the trees outside the property wall and spy on the Sisters working in their gardens. I remember there were so many nests in the trees there, it was like all the birds in the county were attracted to the peace of that place.

SISTER JULIE	Well. I certainly wasn’t always peaceful, Mrs. Ramirez. But God showed me my issues and how to be freed from them. He wasn’t shocked or disgusted. I saw that I was stuffing my soul with things I thought I needed but once I truly found Him, the experience I have during prayer, during worship... It’s like the birds you saw. I’m attracted to his peace.

SUNNY	I don’t think this is what you are wearing under your robes?

SISTER JULIE	You knew?

SUNNY	My eyes aren’t any good but I knew from the moment I saw them. It’s been a long time since there was any fun in this house. I realize it was a sin for me to let them pretend. I will go to confession...They were so cheeky, s young.

SISTER JULIE	It was an act of kindness to take them in.

SUNNY	What’s the matter?

SISTER JULIE	I only wanted to inform you, of the girls ruse and to see if you, you knew anything about...I don’t know why it’s hitting me like this all of a sudden.

SUNNY	Talk openly. We’re all sisters in God’s eyes.

SISTER JULIE	She kept calling me mama. She was so helpless, like a little girl. I never knew what it was like to be needed in that way. I can’t really explain it.

SUNNY	Do you ever wonder about your choice, Sister? If you made the most of what life gave you?

SISTER JULIE	You mean, not having children?

SISTER JULIE	It’s so hard out there, it breaks my heart. I don’t know how people do it. But holding her in that car, I could smell her clean hair, mixed with her being sick. So beautiful, so broken. I think now I know a little more about how God feels about us. The Lord spoke to me and I felt his call. I don’t regret my choice but sometimes, I’m just not sure I make any difference in this world.

SUNNY	I think, as long as we choose Love, what more can God ask?

VEDA	What’s up, fuck up?

MADS	Yeah. I’m working on it.

VEDA	Glad to hear it.

MADS	When you are on the right path the signs are everywhere...

MADS	Bye, car.

MADS	Homegirl fucked my shit up.

FLORENCIO	I heard.

MADS	All my stuff is gone, too.

FLORENCIO	I didn’t know you were an addict.

MADS	God was punishing me yesterday.

FLORENCIO	You were punishing you. God sent Sister Julie to save your ass.

MADS	He was making a point, then.

FLORENCIO	A boyfriend?

MADS	No. An old mistake.

MADS	We got clean together back home. Came out here looking to get a fresh start. He knew some kids going to that college by the beach? Green fields. Cross up on the hill?

FLORENCIO	Yeah. I know that one.

MADS	We went and stayed with them. Rich kids. Nice, though. Kinda people brought up believing they can change the world. Nobody thinks like that were I come from.I drove him across the whole damn country and he had a pound of H in the trunk of my car the whole time. I had no idea... He was dealing the shit on that campus...

MADS	One night, I went to the movies, when I came home, my friend had turned them kids on to it. This one boy, was on some kind of medication and his heart... he died right in front of us. Every bad thing I’ve ever done was to someone who had bad in them. But this kid, he never hurt anyone. He wanted to be a vet. I brought evil right to his door.

MADS	I haven’t confessed it yet.

FLORENCIO	Think you just did.

MADS	My friends are in trouble. A guy is looking to hurt them.

FLORENCIO	You need money?

MADS	No. I’m gonna fix it. Take care, Florencio.

FLORENCIO	I see you around, Angel.

SISTER JULIE	I’m really glad to see you.

MADS	I’ll turn myself in. But I gotta ask your help with something first.

MADS	This is your last chance.

TOMAS	Take care of yourself, Mads.

MADS	You too, Tomas.

MADS	I didn’t get off easy, I had some amends to make...

MADS	The fine for impersonating a Nun is five hundred dollars. Which isn’t bad, considering a good day in the Habit, I take in at least that much...

MADS	Sister Julie paid my fine but I had to work it off at the church...

MADS	We decided to stay with Sunny since nobody knew of our connection to her. And she wasn’t even mad at all. I believe she took a personal pleasure in havin’ us around and we enjoyed making her happy...

MADS	But God wasn’t done with ME yet...

MADS	Holy Shit.

MADS	We KNOW it can’t be Eric’s, right?

MADS	Yo. We need to talk. Now.

PRIEST	If you have something to confess, you will have to do it with the new Father, he will be here next week.

MADS	You’re leaving? Is it on account of what happened between us?

PRIEST	I’m... not sure what you mean.

MADS	I want you to know, what transpired that day was truly Holy. My soul was ready to receive the Spirit and nothing bad ever comes of an open heart. No matter what lies ahead, I am not afraid or ashamed of sexual love in any way...

PRIEST	Sexuality is a gift from God. If we deny it, we are denying something that God has given us. But to fool oneself into believing they are without sin, that can be dangerous.

MADS	Are you being a dick, right now?

PRIEST	I am being... honest.

MADS	Obsfuckation of the truth’s a Sin.

PRIEST	I don’t think that’s a word.

MADS	You think you’re better than me. I am not the one using leaky condoms, okay? I’m keeping this baby. I just thought you should know.

PRIEST	I’m not the man you want me to be.

MADS	I got news for you, Sweetie. None of ya’ll are.

MADS	Oh. Right. I almost forgot to tell you about the Vengeance...

MADS	That night back in the hospital... Eric and I came up with a plan to fix Ol’ Luca’s little red wagon for good...

LUCA	I love your outfit.

MADS	Thought it would add a certain flair to our negotiation.

LUCA	Unfortunately, I do not negotiate and I am not religious.

MADS	Not to be racially insensitive, but you don’t look very Swiss.

LUCA	My late husband was Luca Hunziker. I took his name after his accidental death. To honor his passion and to keep the Interpol off my back

MADS	I heard you were a princess? Why are you selling grams and eighths of dope in the valley?

LUCA	“The pot princess of Macao”. I am Queenie Li and you are Mads.

QUEENIE/LUCA	Against your religion?

MADS	Not in the book I go by. I don’t get high with people I don’t like.

QUEENIE/LUCA	But you are faithful?

MADS	To some things.

QUEENIE/LUCA	So... you believe that God makes sure everything turns out well. Even for little nuns who deal drugs?

MADS	Jesus was friends with sinners.

QUEENIE/LUCA	And Karl Marx said religion is the sign of the oppressed creature.

MADS	Well, I don’t know about him but I know that everything that happens has a cause and that cause is God.

QUEENIE/LUCA	I see. And what caused God?

MADS	God don’t need a cause. He’s already perfect.

QUEENIE/LUCA	Then why create any of this? What benefit is it to him?

MADS	Look, I didn’t come here to argue religion with you. If you don’t believe, then that’s on you, Sis. Lord gave us all free will.

QUEENIE/LUCA	I have always wondered how the faithful justify free will. Why would an all-knowing God create beings who do not love him, who do bad things to one another?

MADS	You mean like knockin’ little boys of their scooters and sickin’ your little crawly friends on people? That’s looney-bin shit, Queenie...

MADS	Evie and Addy could of left town and never had to worry about you again but they came out here to be something. All Evie ever talked about since she was a little girl was coming to Hollywood.

MADS	Maybe she got off on the wrong foot, maybe we all did. But they have a chance to start over and they should be able to do that without looking over their shoulder for YOU the whole time.

QUEENIE/LUCA	What is this? A present? For me?

MADS	That makes it square between us.

QUEENIE/LUCA	Do you know how my husband died?

MADS	No but I bet I’m about to find out.

QUEENIE/LUCA	He was killed by bees.

MADS	You into this bug-thing, too? Damn, people. You got your turn-on wires crossed. Seek some therapy and get to the bottom of that.

QUEENIE/LUCA	In a honey hive, the Queen Bee is the most mature female, surrounded by her daughter bees. Males are only used for their insemination abilities. Once they’ve done their job, the daughters or “worker bees” ceremoniously kill off all the males...

QUEENIE/LUCA	Except for a few, who are spared for their company and to do the heavy lifting...

QUEENIE/LUCA	Oh. It’s only money.

MADS	Eight thousand dollars. All that we owe you.

QUEENIE/LUCA	You think God lets us decide what is right and what is wrong?

MADS	I know he does. Right up until you die. Then he’s super-judgey.

QUEENIE/LUCA	I have always envied the faith of others. To believe, like a child, that something is watching over you.

QUEENIE/LUCA	My pretty worker bee. She needs to believe in her God because she does not believe in herself.Without him, she has no purpose...

QUENNIE/LUCA	Your God is not real, little bee. He is a cruel construct without a shred of evidence in the natural world. But a Queen, she is very real. You and your friends will serve me and we will be happy sucking nectar with our long, long tongues...

QUEENIE/LUCA	It will be fun! Ask Tuff. We have so much fun, don’t we?

MADS	Okay, just to set the record straight, the Lord gave us free will ‘cause otherwise, we’d all be clunkin’ around down here like little robots. God wants us to find him but in our OWN way. Not ‘cause we’ve been programmed to. That’s why he doesn't interfere with our shit. We gotta figure out the difference for ourselves, see? If there was no bad, how are we supposed to know what’s good? If we didn’t know pain, we wouldn’t know pleasure and if nice things only happened to nice people, then everyone would be going around doing stuff out of greed and fear and selfishness, which would defeat the purpose. You gotta choose to love God...

QUEENIE/LUCA	All night, my handsome Tuff sat out front, to make sure I was not walking into a trap. But you came alone. This is why you need God...Because you are weak.

MADS	I’m not weak and I’m NOT alone.

QUEENIE/LUCA	Then your God is a bastard because nobody is watching you now.

COUSIN	Oh, he’s watching HER, Pendeja.

MADS	You may not believe in my God, but I’m pretty sure you’ll be begging for his mercy real soon.

QUEENIE/LUCA	We can settle this without violence. I have money.

MADS	These boys don’t care about that. This is a matter of respect but here’s the thing, people CAN change with God’s grace. I know it as fact. My friends here, they are all for bringing people into the light if someone decides to walk that way but like I told you, the choice... is yours.

MADS	Later, Queenie Li.

LUCA/QUEENIE	I envy you, Dear. You know what you Love.

MADS	I sure do. It’s all I got.

MADS	Like I told ya, me and Eric a came up with this plan back at the hospital that night...

MADS	Turns out, Florencio’s cousins were affiliated with some East- side boys who were none too happy to learn an unconnected bit of competition with a taste for beatin’ on little kids was lookin’ to set up on their turf...

MADS	My Stepdad was a piece of shit an’ all, but I did learn a thing or two about how the drug business works... and the need to respect an established operation.

MADS	When Eric said this was a lease, I couldn’t for the life of me understand why he hadn’t had it stolen already. What else is insurance for, Yo?

EVIE	Why can’t you stay? Sunny is happy to have you.

MADS	I’ll visit once I have the baby.

ADDY	Where you gonna go?

MADS	Somewhere where I can hear God loud and clear. Maybe the desert. Set up in a little town, get a motorcycle. Just cruise.Four grand in there. So you don’t get tempted and do something stupid for cash.

ADDY	Sunny is gonna get me a job at the art museum.

MADS	That’s good, Addy. You are a true creative. I believe in you.

EVIE	I don’t know what I’m gonna be.

MADS	Evie, you don’t need to be a damn thing Darlin’, but exactly as you are. Later, Skaters.

MADS	I dunno. I heard they came to God pretty easy in the end. Maybe there was something submissive about finding religion that appealed to them...

MADS	Whatever it is that we’re missing inside, what makes us hate ourselves, be sad or anxious, go to it. Meet it, ‘cause inside what you fear most... lies the seed of your wholeness.

MADS	He looks like way less trouble.

SISTER JULIE	I’ll keep my eye on him. Always do. I found the money you left on my desk.

MADS	Figured you’d know what to do with it.

SISTER JULIE	Not going to ask where it came from.

MADS	Yeah. Better we focus more on where it’s going, than where it’s been.

SISTER JULIE	I hope it gets easier for you out there. I really do. You deserve that. I’ll be praying for you.

MADS	Sister Julie, back when I was a nun...

SISTER JULIE	Pretending to be a nun.

MADS	Right. I noticed, whenever people saw me, I think it did a bit of good in their day. Even if they weren’t believers.

MADS	Just knowing there’s people who’s only job is peace and loving and stuff? I wanted to tell you, it’s nice what you do. I think it helps.

SISTER JULIE	Be good to yourself, little sister. Jesus loves you.

MADS	Yes, Ma’am. I know he does.

FLORENCIO	Slick ride. You jack it?

MADS	My friend gave me these keys.

FLORENCIO	Everything work out?

MADS	I believe it did.

MADS	Stay beautiful, Florencio.

FLORENCIO	Adios, Sister Magdalene. 


MADS	The Lord brought me to his City of Angels for a purpose. And that Psychic was right, we only need to find out who we are. We already know what to do...

