Time stamp	4.00pm

Pilot	Cabin crew prepare for landing, thank you 

Airplane landing scene	Suvarnabhumi International Airport, Thailand

Immigration officer	Welcome to Bangkok, we hope you enjoy your stay

Kai	Mahalo

Immigration officer	Next

Sign	Welcome to Bangkok

Skytrain announcer	Next station, Ratchaprarop station

Kai	Bathroom

Mobile phone app	Taxi plus, a four passenger ride when you need more space

Fah	Good evening sir….I hope I didn't make you wait for too long

Kai	Oh, not at all, you're right on time

Kai	Perfect actually

Fah	Hehehe

Main title	One Night In Bangkok

Fah	I hope you had a nice nap

Fah	Water

Kai	Ah…......thank you

Fah	You're welcome

Kai	You weren't kidding about the traffic!

Fah	haha, believe it or not I was expecting much worse

Fah	We're not too far away now

Kai	Ah…......thank you

Fah	Oh….......thank you

Fah	Most people would just toss it to the side

Kai	Most people are inconsiderate

Fah	Yeah

Kai	This car is spotless!

Kai	You must really like this job?

Fah	Well, its decent money Plus I get to choose my own hours And I get to meet a lot of interesting people

Kai	You like to drive at night?

Fah	I have more time at night

Kai	Can't it get dangerous?

Fah	Probably, but I've been lucky

Fah	Plus the app tells me where I'm being called and where I'm heading to so, it's alright

Kai	You're a pretty woman  you must get propsitioned all the time?

Fah	Haha, I'd be worried if it stopped I'm not getting any younger you know, hehe

Kai	I take it you're not married?

Fah	No

Kai	May I ask you….......why?

Fah	Never got around to it

Fah	I have a brother he has a mass

Fah	They detected it ten years ago h'es alive now

Fah	He's everything to me

Kai	I'm sure he is

Kai	And I'm sure you're doing everything you can

Fah	I am

Fah	It's just this past year

Kai	It's gotten much worse

Fah	Yeah

Kai	Sigh, a mass can be like that a lot of people who suffer from it  tend to live a lot longer than their expected to

Fah	Are you a Doctor?

Kai	No

Kai	But I was a field medic a long time ago

Kai	I know a little about a lot of things

Fah	Jack of all trades, ha

Kai	Master of none, that's right

Kai	Your English is very good

Fah	Well thank you I studied English in college and that was a long time ago

Kai	Well, I won't talk about your age if you don't talk about my white beard

Fah	hehehe, I watch a lot of movies as well, also Youtube videos that’s how I practice my English but I still feel my vocabulary isn't there yet

Kai	Well, you sound great to me besides you're Thai, you don't need to speak perfect English

Fah	I'm actually half, my dad's English but I grew up here and lived here all my life

Fah	Who knows you know maybe one day I'm going to be living in a country where they only speak English and no more Thai

Fah	Well, the office building is just up ahead

Kai	Can you pull up in the front?

Fah	ok

Fah	Alright, we're here

Kai	My name is Kai In Hawaiian it means "the sea"

Fah	Oh, that's very beautiful are you from Hawaii?

Kai	Yes

Fah	My name is Fah It means 'sky" in Thai, nice to meet you

Kai	Nice to meet you Fah

Kai	How's business been tonight?

Fah	You're my first customer I just started my shift

Kai	If you don't mind me asking

Fah	ok how much do you make on an average Friday night?

Fah	I would say 1500 baht and 2000 baht on a good night

Kai	Sixty dollars?

Fah	Yeah, I think so, yeah

Kai	I have an offer for you

Kai	If you decide to take it you'll have to turn off theapp

Fah	Ok

Kai	I have four more stops after this one all in the city

Kai	1000 dollars, that's the deposit you can quit anytime and take the money but if you decide to stay with me until the end I will give you 5000 dollars in cash

Kai	You don’t have to do anything you don't even have to get out of the car unless you want to I just need you to drive for me

Kai	I need to go up to talk to a lawyer, wait for me here when I get back, I'll answer any questions you may have alright?

Fah	Thank you

Kai	Thank me at the end

Time Stamp	9.39pm

Location	Krungthai Panich Insurance Building

Kai	Sawadee Khrap

Security Guard	23rd floor

Kai	Thank you

Security Guard	You're welcome

Secretary	Good evening Mr Kahale

Khai	Good evening

Secretary	How was your flight?

Kai	It was quick

Secretary	That's fine, Khun Cha Cha is actually waiting for you

Kai	Thank you

Cha Cha	Welcome to Bangkok Mr Kahale

Kai	Thank you so much Khun Cha Cha

Kai	Sorry to keep you waiting

Cha Cha	Not at all, please have a seat

Kai	Thank you

Kai	you have a beautiful office Seems like you've done quite well, especially being so young

Cha Cha	Yes I have, so tell me how I can be of service you were a bit vague on the phone something about an accident and a family member

Kai	Yes, actuallymore than just one family member the whole family

Kai	Let me show you something

Kai	Thank you Khun 

Cha Cha	I will see you tomorrow

Kai	Thank you again for waiting

Secretary	Not a problem at all, did everything go ok?

Kai	Very well, I'll be back tomorrow around 4pm to follow up with details

Secretary	All right

Kai	Would you please do me a small favour?

Secretary	Of course

Kai	It's a bit unusual, ah can you please ask for a taxi and specifically, a pink one, I know it's siily, but I saw a lot of the pink taxis at the airport and with all my travels I've never ridden in one

Secretary	Sure, yeah

Kai	Ok, thank you, please let them know there will be two stops 1 at a 24 hour supermarket, then at my hotel  the hotel Millennium

Secretary	Ok, not a problem at all that will take about 10 minutes would you waiting here? Or

Kai	Ah actually I prefer waiting outside

Secretary	Ok

Kai	I think my body could use some fresh non-airconditioned air

Secretary	Yeah, ok, great

Kai	Thank you again

Secretary	Have a good evening

Kai	Thank you

Fah	"yish", Oh my gosh, you scared me

Kai	Sorry you should lock the doors

Fah	Everything went well?

Kai	The lawyer was very cooperative

Fah	Well, I don't like lawyers

Kai	It's ok, I don't either

Fah	So, where next

Kai	The Thonglor Police Station please

Kai	I know first a lawyer now police

Fah	Ah, are you in trouble?

Kai	No, it's nothing like that, the lawyer and the police officer were working on a case that involved my daughter and her family recently, I'm here to repay them

Fah	We're going to get there around 11pm would you be able to see them then?

Kai	I'm sure that won't be a problem

Fah	Hehehe, man you fall asleep so easily

Kai	Every moving vehicle I find I like the motion

Kai	What do you like to do when you're not driving or taking care of your brother

Fah	I don't know, I don't really have much time to do anything else

Kai	You must like something?

Fah	Well what about you?

Kai	Fishing, I like fishing

Fah	Fishing!

Kai	Fishing!

Fah	Fishing sounds so boring

Kai	Have you tried it?

Fah	No, but I know what it is and it looks boring

Kai	Fish are like people

Fah	Like people?

Kai	Like people!

Fah	How?

Kai	Well there are some fish that are really dumb and easy to catch others are extremely smart and much more difficult to catch and then there are the rare one's that can hurt or even  kill you

Kai	I actually find it relaxing the act of fishing

Kai	I don't really care if I catch a fish or not

Kai	I just like standing on a beach watching the waves roll in listening to them crash onto the sand feeling the warm breeze on my face

Kai	Smelling the salt the scent of flowers in the air

Kai	That's how I fish

Kai	That's what my grandfather taught me

Kai	That's what I like

Kai	It's heaven to me

Fah	It sounds very peaceful

Kai	You should try it

Fah	Maybe one day

Fah	We're here!

Fah	Do you want me to park in front?

Kai	Yeah, park in front

Fah	Ok

Kai	I'll be back soon A man said What the fuck!

Kai	I know you speak English

Kai	This is for Lisa A man said Who the fuck is….. Place Thonglor Police Station

Kai	You're still here

Fah	To be honest, I thought about leaving

Kai	You saw I left the bag


Kai	Did you open it?

Kai	But you know there's cash inside

Fah	Was it a test?

Fah	Oh my God! What happened to your head?

Kai	I tripped Hit the wall

Fah	You need stitches maybe 3 or 4

Kai	No, I'm fine thank you

Fah	Are you sure it's a deep cut

Kai	I'm sure

Fah	All right

Fah	breathe

Kai	And no it wasn't a test

Kai	Everything in life is about making choices

Kai	I chose to leave the bag

Kai	You chose not to take it

Kai	Life is about making choices and dealing with those consequences

Kai	You understand that?

Fah	I understand

Kai	Are you hungry?

Kai	Let's get something to eat We have some time

Fah	What do you feel like eating?

Kai	Something local

Fah	Well, I know just the place

Kai	Ok

Detective	I mean come on babe, who fucking kills a lawyer on a Friday night?

Detective Wife	Stop it! You're on the scene?

Detective	I'm actually just walking in now

Detective partner	Kai Kahale, American Hawiian, just arrived today, he came  straight here, he had an appointment, she lead him into the  victims office

Detective partner	next thing you know he asks for a taxi, she finds her boss shot dead, boom a bullit to the head, he walked out of here as if it were nothing

Detective partner	Guards confirmed it as well

Detective	Like I said cold blooded

Detective	Body slumped over

Detective	Blood splattered everywhere directly behind her

Detective	This Kai Kahale sat directly in front of her and shot her

Detective Wife	I'm looking at some ID. Seems to be real Arrived this evening 5pm from Haneda TG 614 Business class

Detective	Connecting flights, no alias?

Detective Wife	Kai Kahale, born 1954, retired, worked as a supervisor at a coffee plantation big one it seems

Detective	He shot her with a silencer, one shot he's definitely not an office worker


Detective	Get his picture out, send it to the airports and the borders

Detective	Who knows maybe we'll get lucky

Detective	All right get as much information as you can and drop me off at the office, I left my car there

Fah	Uncle, two of the usual please 

Noodle vendor	Sure

Fah	What would you like to drink?

Kai	Ah?

Fah	I recommend the chysanthemum tea  it's really refreshing, yeah

Kai	Perfect

Fah	Perfect

Fah	Uncle, two chysanthemum tea please

Noodle vendor	Go ahead

Fah	Thank you

Noodle vendor	Customer or boyfriend?

Fah	He's a customer

Noodle vendor	That's good

Noodle vendor	Because he looks older than your dad!

Fah	There you go

Kai	Thank you

Kai	You're a regular here?

Fah	Yeah, I try to come here two or three times a week depends on my ride

Fah	Good?

Kai	Good

Fah	Can I ask you a question now?

Kai	Anything

Fah	6000 dollars is a lot of money and anyone would do it for half or even less

Kai	Probably

Fah	But why 6000?

Kai	Because I wanted you to say yes and I wanted you to want to do it and be happy doing it.

Fah	Okay

Fah	But to be honest, I can just take half, it's more than enough for me.

Kai	No, we made a deal, we shook hands

Fah	Are you sure?

Kai 	Yes

Fah	Ok, thank you

Kai	You're welcome

Kai	As I said thank me after

Fah	After what?

Fah	Oh no, no, wait, you need to put some of this in first

Fah	Some nuts

Fah	Some, I don’t what you call this in English

Fah	But it will make it taste good

Fah	Do you like chilli?

Kai 	I do

Kai	Thank you

Fah	And then you need this, this is like the secret recipe, fish sauce

Kai	Fish sauce?

Fah	Ok done, dig in

Kai	Bon appetite

Fah	Bon appetite

Kai	Merci

Fah	Mmm smells so good

Fah	It's good right?

Kai	It's really good.

Fah	Hehe great

Fah	So, what's after this?

Kai 	After

Kai	W have a stop at a club

Fah 	Ah ha

Kai	Then we go to a hospital

Kai	And the last stop is at a house

Fah	You're meeting five people today?

Kai	No, seven

Kai	And you want to know why?

Fah	Hehe, yeah, sorry

Kai	It's ok, it's human nature

Kai	Not too long ago, my daughter and her family came to Thailand	

Kai	They got into an accidentKai The people I'll be seeing tonight were involved with it

Fah	I see

Fah	Are they ok?

Kai	No

Kai	They died

Fah	Oh

Fah	I'm, I'm sorry

Kai	It's ok

Fah	I was recently been in an accident as well

Fah	White family, they died too

Fah	Drunk driver

Kai	Happens everywhere in the world

Fah	They had a kid A child

Kai	I'm sorry

Kai	Thank you for bringing me here and for paying for dinner It was excellent

Fah	You're welcome and I'm sorry about the not so happy conversation

Kai	It's ok, it's life

Kai	Um

Kai	Do you know the Ibiza night club?

Fah	Yeah, is that our next destination?

Kai	Yes

Fah	Ok

Kai	A cross, you're not Buddhist?

Fah	No

Fah	I'm not Christian either

Kai	Are you Atheist?

Fah	What is Atheist?

Kai	An Atheist is someone who does not believe in religion

Fah	I believe in Faith, I believe it's good that people have faith

Kai	Do you pray?

Fah	Yeah

Kai	May I ask to whom?

Fah	To my parents

Kai	So why the cross

Fah	It belonged to someone I knew

Fah	I kept it as a reminder

Kai	Good or bad reminder

Fah	Good

Fah	Of something bad I did

Kai	You did something bad?

Fah	Yeah

Kai	Did anyone get hurt?

Fah	I don't think so

Kai	But you feel bad

Fah	Yeah, I feel….

Fah	I don't know how to explain

Kai	Guilt?

Kai	You feel guilty

Kai	Guilt is good

Kai	It reminds us to do good

Fah	That's why I kept the cross

Kai	Drive around stay close

Kai	I'll call don't pick up the phone

Kai	Meet me over there, past the entrance Within 5 mins of the phone call

Fah	Ok

Kai	Ok

Sign	Tomorrowland

Time stamp	1.29am

Dom	What the fuck man

Kai	Quit it, get off, stay put

Dom	Wait, wait, what do you want?

Kai	You killed a family with your Porsche, do you remember?

Kai	Do you remember!

Dom	Yes, yes, yes, I, I, I remember just don't, don't, don't do anything

Kai	Stand up

Dom	Wait, don't just don't kill me Jesus Christ

Kai	stand up

Dom	I didn't do anything

Dom	The keys to my ride do you want my car? take it man it's yours

Fah	What happened?

Kai	Drive

Fah	What did you do?

Kai	Drive please

Kai	Where's the nearest hospital?

Fah	Are you hurt?

Kai	I'm ok, hospital

Fah	There's one a few minutes away

Kai	Take us there please

Kai	Please

Manop	What are you thinking?

Detective	I'm thinking there's more, I'm thinking it's goint to escalate

Detective	And I'm thinking who's not sleeping in a hotel somewhere

Detective partner	We need to get everything on these 3 people

Detective	Wifes on it

Detective	She should have something for us soon

Detective partner	Isn't your son like a week old?

Detective	9 days

Detective partner	Talk about a slave driver

Detective	You met my wife right?

Detective	You know she doesn't rest

Detective partner	Speak

Detective partner	All right, thanks

Detective partner	Seems like you're right again

Detective	Where?

Detective partner	Ibiza Night Club, 23 year old, shot through the chest

Detective partner	Witnesses all claim an old Asian man, Wait boss there's more The kid, he's not dead He's being transported to the hospital as we speak

Detective	You go to the club, get a positive ID take a look around and I will head over to the hospital

Detective partner	Copy that

Kai	Can I have a tissue,  please?

Kai	Thank you

Kai	I'm not going to kill you

Kai	Nothing has changed

Kai	Our deal is still the deal

Fah	It wasn't an accident right, me picking you up tonight?

Kai	No, It wasn't

Kai	I know where you live

Kai	I knew your routine

Fah	Why?

Kai	The family that died in your car

Kai	That was my daughter

Kai	Her husband

Kai	And her

Kai	5 years old daughter

Kai	My grandchild

Fah	You were going to kill me

Kai	It was possible, yes

Kai	It was your car, your signature on the witness sheet

Kai	I swear I don't want to kill you, I don't even want to hurt you

Kai	Can you give me a bottle of water please

Kai	Thank you

Kai	Drink it

Fah	What changed your mind?

Kai	That

Kai	I gave that to my daughter

Kai	On her 18th birthday

Kai	Anyone who can live with so much guilt as you do

Kai	Over making a choice

Kai	You had no option

Kai	That person has a good heart Hospital sign St Carlos Medical Spa

Fah	You're going to kill him

Kai	Yes

Mr Davis	What kind of fucking place is this?

Mrs Davis	Is this you?

Mr Davis	What the fuck do you mean?

Mrs Davis	Is this one of your business associates, did you have some sort of deal go bad?

Mr Davis	Fuck you!

Mr Davis	Fuck you, for thinking that

Mrs Davis	How can I not think it How many times have you put us in danger?

Mr Davis	Really?

Mrs Davis	Yeah

Mr Davis	How many times have you been shot at? How many times has Dom? That's right, none

Mr Davis	I have never put us in danger

Mr Davis	The life I provide you with

Mr Davis	99% of the population would kill for

Mr Davis	So, I would appreciate some respect

Mrs Davis	The fact is I let you fuck your little hussies, is respect enough

Mrs Davis	What you think I don't know?

Mrs Davis	You think I'm some farang who's blind and doesn't know what's going on?

Mrs Davis	Nothing you do goes by me

Mrs Davis	I can take my son and walk away with everything you've got I know all your dirty little secrets

Mrs Davis	So the fact that I'm still standing here

Mrs Davis	That's all the respect you're going to get

Mrs Davis	And if my son dies

Mrs Davis	I swear to God, you'll regret the day you ever laid eyes on me

Mr Davis	He's a lucky boy

Mr Davis	The bullet went clean through

Mr Davis	All they had to do was clean his wound and stitch him up

Mr Davis	He's going to be ok

Mr Davis	Your fired you useless piece of shit

Mrs Davis	You fucking shot my son!

Mr Davis	Wait, wait, wait, what's this all about?

Mr Davis	Listen, anything you want, I have so much money

Kai	Your money paid for everything

Kai	Made my son-in-law into a criminal, you covered your sons crimes

Kai	Yeah you understand now

Mr Davis	I did it to protect my son

Mr Davis	Something any father would do

Kai	Me too

Kai	The apple never falls far from the  tree

Mr Davis bodyguard	He's just a kid

Kai	You're old enough to kill, you’re old enough to die

Detective	So, what have you got?

Detective Wife	Hurt boobies

Detective	Like father, like son

Detective Wife	I found a connection between the cops and the lawyers in over 20 cases from small traffic violations to more serious crimes

Detective	Example

Detective Wife	Drug and human trafficking, possession, you name it, they worked on it together

Detective Wife	And for every instance the defendants walked

Detective Wife	There was only 1 case involving the Davis family though

Detective	Ok

Detective Wife	A few months ago, the son was involved in an accident 4 people died and 1 was injured, including a 5 years old girl a Brittish family

Detective	Not American?

Detective Wife	No Brittish


Detective Wife	The Coopers

Detective	And the son got acquitted

Detective Wife	Turns out the husband was the one driving the taxi

Detective Wife	Paid the driver extra said he always wanted to drive in Bangkok, got confused, drove right onto coming traffic

Detective	And ran directly into the son

Detective Wife	Yeah, that's the official version

Detective Wife	No thanks to our 2 dead friends I'm sure

Detective	Right

Detective Wife	Your thoughts


Detective	My thoughts are the same, the law is the law

Detective	Vigilante justice is still homicide

Kai	Drop it

Kai	Now

Detective	Ok man, relax

Detective	I'm putting down the gun

Detective	Look I know everything

Detective	The son who killed your family, right?

Dectective	Son or daughter?

Kai	My daughter

Detective	I understand but no-one needs to get hurt anymore

Kai	Oh yes, one more person then it's done

Detective	The only person who is going to get hurt is you

Detective 	If you continue this

Detective	Put down the gun

Detective	Come on man let's handle this the right way

Detective	The legal way

Kai	Yeah, that didn't work out too well for my daughter and her

Family	

Detective	And that's on us and I apologise

Detective	But there is good and bad everywhere

Kai	Yeah

Detective	They were bad people pretending to be good You are good doing bad and two wrongs don't make it right man!

Kai	Nothing will make this right, not even this

Detective	So why are we doing this

Kai	Because I can

Kai	Because no-one else did

Kai	Don't

Kai	I don't want to shoot you, I don't want to shoot her but I will

Kai	Stay there

Kai	Go, go, go

Kai	Go

Kai	No

Detective	Kai!

Kai	No, fuckin stay there

Detective	Kai, you're not going to shoot me

Kai	I will shoot you


Detective 	Let her go

Kai	I'm not letting her go

Kai	I'm not letting her go

Detective	Kai, please let her go, she didn't do anything

Kai	I don't want to hurt her

Detective	I don't have a gun

Detective	Kai, calm down

Detective	That's not you, you're not that type of man

Detective	They're already dead

Kai	Stay there

Detective	Kai, they're all dead

Detective	Let her go, please

Detective	I'm begging you

Kai	I'm going to shoot you

Kai	I'm going to shoot you

Kai	I'll shoot you

Detective 	Kai, let her go

Detective	You want to shoot me, then shoot me, but you fucking let her go now that’s….....That's not you Kai

Detective	Let her go

Detective	Ok

Detective	I'm a father, just like you

Detective	Just like you, I am a father, I understand, but please just let her go

Detective	Please

Detective	Kai

Detective	Kai, listen to me

Detective	Let her go

Detective	No!

Kai	That's on you, that's on you

Detective	No

Detective	Partner, help, help me, officer down Two down	

Detective	Come on bro, hang in there, hang in there

Detective partner	I didn't kill her right?

Detective	No you didn't, she's good, she's going to make it

Detective	Fuck!

Fah	Argh, fuck

Kai	This is a surprise

Fah	Where are you?

Kai	I don't know

Fah	There are cops everywhere

Kai	Yeah, I know

Kai	Didn't go quite as well as planned

Fah	Send me your location, they don't know my car, I'm close

Fah	I will pick you up

Kai	Alright

Kai	Park in the alley

Kai	I'll see you when you pull up

Fah	Stay low

Kai	Thank you

Kai	Where are we going

Fah	You're bleeding, we need to fix you

Kai	I'm fine

Kai	Bullet went through

Fah	How do you know

Kai	I felt it

Kai	But I can't go to a hospital

Kai	I'm serious

Kai	That detective

Kai	He's good

Kai	It won't take him long to figure out what the next target is

Kai	And the last target himself

Kai	He's going to know what's going on and the next go and disappear

Fah	We're not going to the hospital, don't worry, it's not too far Away

Detective wife	Thank you

Detective wife	How are you holding up?

Detective	Better

Detective wife	You did your best

Detective wife	I heard everything

Detective	He was 29

Detective	He shot a nurse

Detective	She was 24

Detective wife	He's not a kid

Detective	There's another target

Detective wife	I know

Detective wife	That's why I'm here

Detective wife	You remember the accident

Detective wife	There was one person who was injured

Detective wife	Didn't die

Detective wife	Her name was Wanida Holsted

Detective wife	She was a cab driver

Detective	The girl who testified at the trial?

Detective wife	Yeah

Detective wife	Earlier tonight she picked up someone from Onnuch road around 8pm

Detective wife	2 hours later dropped him off on Silom road

Detective	Near the law offices

Detective	So, where is she now?

Detective wife	She turned her app off after that

Detective wife	She was driving a new Volvo, I have the plates

Detective	We can track her

Detective	It will show up if she's on the road. Put everything on it

Detective wife	I've already ordered it

Detective	Of course you did babe

Detective wife	You saw the photos

Detective	Stop!

Detective	He may be a good hearted person

Detective	But he's still a cold blooded murderer

Detective wife	He never was one

Detective wife	He served in the military, 2 tours, 40 years ago

Detective wife	After that not even a single blemish

Detective wife	Not even a traffic violation

Detective	He's still a murderer

Detective wife	He's also a father

Detective wife	Just like you

Detective	What are you trying to say, I should just drop everything

Detective wife	No, but I know you

Detective wife	You just watched your young partner get shot and dieYou're operating on emotions right now

Detective wife	I'm just here to give you some balance

Detective wife	You're a good man, like him

Detective wife	I don't wont to see you do a bad thing

Detective wife	2 wrongs don't make a right

Detective	I gotta go to work

Detective wife	Look at him

Detective wife	Now look at me

Detective wife	You're a good cop babe, but remember you're a father now first and foremost

Detective wife	Then a husband, then a cop

Detective	I love you

Detective wife	Ditto

Time stamp	4.25am

Fah	Oh my God!!

Fah	Ok, ok,ok, ok

Kai	Do you have some sealing or some alcohol or something first

Fah	oh right yes

Kai	Oh Fuck!!

Kai	Ok thanks

Fah	Sorry

Fah	Oh my gosh that's a lot of blood

Fah	Are you ready?

Fah	Ok this is going to hurt

Kai	Why did you come back

Fah	Sorry

Fah	I had a chance to correct the wrong that I did

Fah	So I made a choice

Fah	You said we live with the consequences of our own choice

Fah	I made a bad one before

Kai	You didn't have a choice

Kai	I know that know

Kai	Ouch

Fah	Ok

Fah	They gave me 2million baht and this car

Fah	They told me to say I wasn't the one who was driving

Fah	That our car hit the other car

Fah	If I didn't take the offer

Fah	I believe that they were probaly going to kill me

Kai	Yes

Kai	They would have

Fah	I spent most of my money on my brother

Fah	Paid in advance for his hospital expenses

Fah	There's not much left now

Fah	Well turn around you have one more to go

Fah	Oh

Fah	This is going to hurt more

Fah	Great, last one, take a deep breathe

Kai	Thank you

Fah	It's going to leave a big scar

Kai	It's ok

Kai	It's a good reminder

Fah	Of what, tonight?

Kai	Of you

Kai	Jack of all trades

Fah	I actually have one more reason why I came back

Fah	I started driving 2 years ago

Fah	Before this I used to work in hotels and restaurants

Fah	I meet a lot of foreigners everywhere I work

Fah 	All the foreigners they see me, they like me, they offered money for me to sleep with them

Fah	But I'd never take it

Fah	You understand?

Fah	You're the first man that I've met in my life that showed me respect

Fah	Who actually gave me respect for what I do

Fah	My work

Fah	Not for what I look like

Fah	That's why I came back

Kai	That's the nicest thing anyone has said to me since my wife

Fah	It's the truth

Kai	makes it nicer

Kai	Stay here

Kai	Hold this

Kai	It's 4000 dollars cash in this bag It's yours

Kai	Do you know Bitcoin?

Kai	BIT COIN

Fah	Yeah, I think so

Kai	You know it's money?

Fah	Like electronic money

Fah	I read something online, but I'm not sure

Kai	Ok, it's not hard to find out about

Kai	Inside that bag is a hard drive

Kai	My life savings

Kai	One million, three hundred and eighty nine dollars

Kai	It's yours

Fah/Kai	No, no, no, no, I can't take that no, no, no listen to me no listen to me

Kai	I converted to Bitcoin

Kai	I don't know what else to do

Kai	I was thinking maybe, I could donate it to charity afterwards but there is no afterwards for me

Fah 	What do you mean?

Kai	I mean the last guy is different from the others

Kai	He's much more dangerous

Kai	Much smarter

Kai	Better guarded

Fah	So you think you cannot win?

Kai	It was never about winning for me

Kai	Even if I survive

Kai	I'll go to prison

Kai	I should go to prison

Kai	But I can't go there, you understand

Fah	Yeah I understand

Kai	So you must take this

Kai	Because if you take this

Kai	You win

Kai	And If you win

Kai	I win

Kai	You take your brother and you get some passports

Kai	And you take him to some country that doesn't speak Thai if that's what you really want

Kai	Ok

Fah	Ok

Fah	Thank you

Kai	You're welcome

Fah	Who is this man

Kai	He's japanese

Fah	Like Yakuza?

Kai	No

Kai	But he works with them

Kai	He works with anyone who can pay his price

Kai	Which is

Kai	Very high

Fah	To do what

Kai	To solve problems

Fah	Like?

Kai	Like If you kill someone and you need to get rid of the body

Kai	If you get arrested for drunk driving, killing a family

Kai	He can fix it

Fah	He's a really bad man then?

Kai	One of the worst

Kai	A type of person who can do a lot of bad things and not get dirty For it	

Fah	Well you seem to know a lot about him

Kai	I hired him

Fah	What?

Kai	He arranged everything for me

Kai	The bag, the gun, the phone, everything

Fah	Oh, you're really smart Mr Kai

Fah	Don't go Make a choice	

Fah	Take me and my brother to Hawaii

Fah	We can go fishing

Kai	That would be nice

Kai	Fishing with you

Kai	And your brother

Kai	Good luck

Kai	Khun Fah

Kai	Hey!

Kai	Hey, you mother fucker

Kai	You got all these guys fighting for you, you can't do it yourself

Kai 	Ha tough guy

Kai	Tough guy

Kai	Ha you fucker Come out		

Kai	Come out

Kai	You, you deal with me, old man

Kai	Tough guy

Kai	Come here fuck head, ha

Kai	You want me to come inside, I'll fucking come inside, I'll find You

Japanese fixer	Hold on a second

Japanese fixer	You're really aggressive

Kai	You've got nice hair

Japanese fixer	I admire you, I really do

Japanese fixer	It's impressive what you've done here tonight

Kai	Well I'm not finished yet

Japanese fixer	And I'm only getting started

Japanese fixer	As you know, I don't usually involve myself personally in Anything

Japanese fixer	I like to manipulate things

Japanese fixer	But I'm really going to enjoy this

Japanese fixer	It's been a long time since I killed anyone

Japanese fixer	You shot a 22 year old boy

Japanese fixer	That's cold blooded dude

Kai	Yeah, well, I'm not done yet

Japanese fixer	You Hawaiian man

Japanese fixer	They certainly don't make them like you anymore

Japanese fixer	You're pissed at me because I helped some rich parents get their son off, I didn’t kill your family

Japanese fixer	They'd be dead if I stepped in or not

Japanese fixer	So, is this all worth it?

Kai	Yeah

Kai	It's worth it

Japanese fixer	Maybe

Japanese fixer	I took my shot

Japanese fixer	Now you take yours

Japanese fixer	Come on

Japanese fixer	Come on!

Japanese fixer	Ouch fuck

Japanese fixer	Shit

Japanese fixer	God damn

Fah	Kai!

Japanese fixer	I should just shoot you

Fah	Kai, Kai

Fah 	It's me

Japanese fixer	Who the fuck are you

Fah	Who the fuck are you

Japanese fixer	You're the cab driver

Kai	She's not involved

Japanese fixer	Wait you actually care about her?

Japanese fixer	She took bribe money

Kai	Yeah, you didn't give her a choice

Japanese fixer	Ha ha ha, true details

Kai	Let her go

Japanese fixer	How the fuck are you still standing?

Kai	Please

Kai	Let her go

Japanese fixer	I'm going to have to say no

Japanese fixer	But I'm going to be a nice guy

Japanese fixer	I'm going to give you a choice, who do I shoot first?

Kai	Sorry

Fah	Me too

Kai	Her

Japanese fixer	Wise choice

Detective	Is this on me too?

Kai	I'm sorry about the cop

Kai	And the nurse

Kai	She has all the evidence To clear my families name, please do it 

Kai	I held her hostage

Kai	I threatened her brother

Kai	I forced her into this

Fah	Please call an ambulance

Detective	I already have

Kai	I'm dead

Kai	You know that

Kai	I know I don't deserve it

Kai	But I have a request

Kai	hank you
