polly	whoooo hoooo! whooaa, no no no…

pollyy	a hoooooo!! 

pierce	outta my seat, short stack!

polly	c'mon, pierce. 

pierce	mmmmm… no. little girls can't drive.

polly	it's so cool that you get to make toys for work, mom. 

mom	not a toy. models are how we test our theories in small scale.

polly	can i help?

mom	sorry, pumpkin, you know that i know you can do it, but only authorized adults can work on it. how's your car coming along?

polly	i think i almost have it fixed --

mom	peaches! no! 

polly	i got him! c'mon, peaches!  

pierce	yeah, snackage! what's this?

polly	it's a multi-colored laser light with varying intensities that i've been working on, like for concerts and shows and things. 

pierce	huh. polly pocket, world's youngest special effects tech--yeah, right! 

polly	actually, paxton, it's pronounced nincompoop. 

dad	polly! grandma's here! 

polly	grandma!?

grandma/polly	oh! / eek!

dad	polly! apologize to your grandma. 

grandma	no apology necessary. an old gal needs to get hit with a bolt of young energy every once in a while! 

dad	alright then, well, i’m going to take your bags upstairs. i thought you were only staying a week!

polly	grandma! 

grandma	oh my, polly! either i've been shrinking or you've been growing.

polly

grandma	well, isn't that something? it's been broken for years, but it's never just opened like that before. 

polly	i can fix it! i just got back from constructo camp. 

grandma	it did open for you.  

grandma	let's see what you can do. 

polly	thanks, grandma!

polly	huh, how old is this locket? 

lila	it's probably from ancient times, like before unicorns went extinct. 

shani	unicorns didn't go extinct. they're mythological, made-up.

lila 	unicorns or not, luckily, we live in a civilized time with melody gossip text alerts because she just dropped a new single!  

polly	new melody?!

lila	downloading in 3, 2 --

melody 	we are stronger/together/ there is nothing we can’t do when we’re with our crew…

shani/polly/lila/shani	that voice gives me chills! / what a performer! / so fashionable!  

polly	if i had my way, i'd be melody's special effects guru. 

lila	eeee, i would be her trendsetting designer! 

shani	and i would be the most respectful and polite audience member!

polly	audience? pssh! you should be on stage singing with her! 

shani	no way! not in a kajillion years! i have a strict policy against public singing. ever since the first grade -- incident. 

lila	polly! shani! news flash!

polly	melody concert cruise? we have to get tickets!

polly	ticket takers is sold out. concert hub, sold out. get that music, sold out. 

shani	it's a conspiracy! aliens must've bought all the tickets or --

polly	or everyone else in littleton likes melody as much as we do. 

lila	le sigh. i'm going home to consider how joyless my life will be if i don't get to see melody. 

shani	yeah, i'm heading out too. the season finale of kingdom of orcs is on tonight and i need to finish my latest chapter on my fanfic blog. 

polly	don't go! there has to be another way to get tickets!

shani	did they teach you how to build a time machine at constructo-camp? 

polly	no. 

shani/lila 	see ya, polly. / laters. 

polly	i will get us to that concert! geni, search for ways to get melody tickets.

geni	all tickets sold out.

polly	ugh. geni, search for...how to build a time machine? 

geni	the time machine by h.g. wells, published 1895. 

polly	what the…? that’s weird

polly	wait, it looks like it's missing an escapement. 

polly	geni, activate open source 3d software. 

polly	okay, if i duplicate the tooth width and extrude that from the root diameter…

polly	yes!

geni	yes. progressive rock band from --

polly	geni, shhhh!

polly	pocket time? 

polly	wait, what? whoa!  

polly	what in the world? 

geni	polly has left the room. set maker station to away mode. 

polly	vaccum! 

polly	aaaahhh! 

polly	i'm here! turn off away mode and stop auto-clean up! 

geni	as you wish, polly.

polly	geni, search for what to do when you shrink to four inches tall!

geni	query does not compute. 

polly	you're telling me.  

polly	whoaaa!

polly	the locket!

polly	go big?

polly	what?! 

polly	pocket time!

polly	go big!

polly	pocket time! go big! pocket time! 

polly	go big! this is incredible! hey peaches, what’s say we have a little fun?  

polly	world's tiniest dog whisperer! 

polly	ayyyi-yi-yi! 

paxton	pawee! 

polly	you weren't supposed to see me! if mom and dad find out, they'd freak.  no more locket fun for me. 

polly	but you're not talking, huh? 

dad	yep, sure, no problem! i'll get you the report asap...

dad	uh-huh. i'm familiar. 

paxton	pawee! pawee! pawee! pawee! 

dad	polly? 

paxton	pawee!

dad	no, pax. polly's in her room. probably 3d printing a thing-a-ma-bob for some thing-a-ma-doodle. 

lila	polly! i came as soon as i could. i only changed my outfit twice to make sure i had the proper attire for this, quote, urgent situation.

lila	and shani got dressed up too. 

shani	oh, i was in the middle of a y girls marathon. i just got to the episode where captain roco is replaced by a shape-shifting alien when i got polly's text. 

lila	wait -- where's polly? 

shani	oooh, at least she left snacks! 

polly	boo! 

shani/lila	aaaagh!/ talking polly doll!? 

polly	shhh! don't alarm the parentals! 

shani	code red! aliens shrink-rayed polly! or maybe it was mole people. or raging leprechauns have replaced polly with a tiny polly look-alike! 

polly 	shani, it's me!

shani	how do i know for sure?

polly	i'm the only one who knows about that time in first grade during the chicken little musical when you were singing your solo and --

shani	okay, okay! shhh! i believe you.

lila	ooohhhh, i could spin this tiny thing into a whole fashion statement for you. i can see it now: tiny is trending! 

shani	so, was it aliens or leprechauns?

polly	neither. i was fixing my grandma's locket and bam! mini-me. 

shani	yeah, enchanted amulet! of course! 

lila	ohh, oh , oh, i got it! you're pocket-sized polly pocket and your signature piece will be pockets. pocket shirts, pocket hats...pocket pockets! 

shani	no time for fashion. polly needs to get her grandma to tell her how to get big again.

polly	no way she knows about this! she's just a regular grandma, not some secretly powerful shrink grandma. 

polly	besides, big's easy. go big!

lila	oh my polka dots! galleria grande has melody tickets! to the mall! 

polly 	let’s get those tickets!

polly/gwen	aagh! oof! / ew! you got my extra large slusher extra all over me! 

polly	oops. sorry, gwen. 

griselle	how dare you come into my store and harm my granddaughter! 

polly	it was an accident 

shani/lila	you okay? / major embarrassment! 

griselle	do i know you?

gwen	she goes to my school. polly pocket. 

griselle	pocket, huh?

lila	and you must be griselle grande! i'm lila. love what you've done with the store. if you need fashion consultant, give me a ring--

griselle	how adorable. if you all are here for the tickets, get in line, single file and quiet, please!

teenyboppers	we got tickets!

griselle	hey! watch the wares! 

griselle	ill-behaved rugrats! luckily, you take after me and are a bastion of maturity, order, intelligence. 

gwen	we’re ordering intelligence? 

griselle	arrghh! okay, listen, we milk the munchkins for all they’re worth and once the moola from this melody promo kicks in, we’ll be living high on the hog. 

gwen	i'm gonna be just like you, gigi. let's munchkin these milks for all they're worth!  

griselle	oh boy! until then your next lesson – how to carry out a master plan.  

griselle	sorry. we're sold out! 

polly/shani/lila	what? / but everyone else got some! / for the love of glitter!

griselle	yes, all gone! only melody herself could help you now! 

teenyboppers	melody!

melody	hi, everyone!

griselle	this wasn't on the schedule! 

polly	melody will give us tickets!

griselle	i'm sorry, miss melody, but if i'd known you were arriving, i would have arranged security!

melody	that's all right. i just wanted to say hello to all the fans --

griselle	as sponsor of your concert, for your own protection, i must insist that you stay away from this horde. you'll be safe here until i can get proper security to escort you out. 

melody	whoa. what’s with the intense miniature model of littleton? 

teenyboppers	hey! / where'd melody go? 

griselle	no freebies! you can't see her unless you pay for the cruise. and don't try getting past me! 

polly	i have to try. maybe i can sneak in and ask melody for tickets. i know she'd give them to us, if she knew what big of fans we were. 

shani	i don't know about this, polly. are you sure?

lila	i am! get us those tickets, polly! 

polly	aaaagh!

grandma	hello, girls! everything okay? 

shani	hi, polly's grandma! nice warm weather we're having, huh? 

grandma	yes. now, what's so great about this ceiling that had you two so interested? 

lila	um, that water spot kinda looks like coco chanel. 

grandma	i suppose... where's polly?

shani	she's, um, um....polly's super tiny and in the air duct!

grandma	the air duct?!

polly	uh-oh.

polly	aaaaagh!

grandma	girls, we have to get polly! 

grandma	polly! 

griselle	hmph. gwen, what is this trash doing on my floor?

gwen	oh, it came for you. for your miniature collection. 

griselle	yes! the miniature chair i ordered.  perfect for that miniature person, with tired, miniature legs and my miniature collection. (laughs) anything else in the box?  

gwen	just a bunch of perfectly miniature packing peanuts. 

griselle	those are regular sized peanuts, gwen! get rid of the box! 

grandma/shani/lila	oh dear. / oh no. / oh crop tops. 

grandma	would you mind if i took that box? 

gwen	hands off, this is my box! 

grandma/gwen	now be a dear -- / hey! let go!

griselle	what is all this racket? 

griselle	penelope pocket! 

grandma	griselle grande? it's been so long! 

griselle	hm. not long enough.

grandma	oh, is this your store? i must be in the wrong place. toodle-oo!

lila/shani	laters!/ uh bye! 

griselle	penelope! what are you doing with that box!?

grandma	just taking out the trash, dear. 

griselle	follow her.

grandma	girls, if you don't mind, polly and i need some alone time.

lila/shani	sure thing! / you got it! 

grandma	you can come out now, polly.

polly	hi, grandma. thanks for saving me from certain doom and destruction. 

grandma	well, i see you’ve figured out how to get small. do you know how to get big?

polly	uh-huh. go big!

gwen	gigi! 

polly	well, i guess you figured out i fixed it. 

grandma	i never doubted that you could. but if i knew you would be so quick, i would have told you before about the pocket locket...

grandma	for ages, the locket's been passed through our family...

isaac newton	ugh, physics are hard!

isaac newton	ow! hey! wait, just a moment -- if matter thus draws matter; it must be in proportion of its quantity. therefore the apple draws the earth, as well as the earth draws the apple. gravity!

grandma	i'm sure you know that your great- grandmother – tenth- removed, prudence pocket was one of the founders of littleton?

polly	of course! 

prudence	all will be equal here! 

grandma	what you didn't know was that she was a locket-bearer too! 

alexander graham bell	hello? watson, can you hear me? 

alexander graham bel	mr. watson, come here! i want to see you!

grandma	when i was a young woman, the locket chose me to be its next bearer. 

neil armstrong	uhh, houston the latch door won’t open.

grandma	like the locket-holders before me, i wanted to show that the littlest person can make the biggest difference.

young grandma	one pocket-sized step for me, one giant leap for mankind! 

grandma	that’s when i met griselle 

young griselle	hello, roomie! where've you been?

young grandma	just a work trip. nothing interesting. but i am exhausted. goodnight! 

young griselle	huh? 

grandma	but griselle grande ended my mission to make a difference. 

polly	griselle grande? that lady from galleria grande? gwen's grandma? 

grandma	exactly. 

young grandma	pocket time. 

young griselle	the power! 

grandma	griselle and i had been friends, but when she realized the power and control that came with being able to shrink anything and anyone, she grew obsessed. 

young griselle	how much do you want for the locket? i'll give you anything for it!

young grandma	it's not for sale --

young griselle	then i'll take it! 

grandma	despite my efforts, i couldn't repair the locket. 

polly	mind blown! how come i never knew? 

grandma	after seeing how obsessed griselle became, i realized how dangerous the power of the pocket locket could be in the wrong hands.  that’s why it’s important to keep the locket a secret.

polly	oops. i kinda told shani and lila. 

grandma	i think your friends can be trusted. but we must keep the word from spreading. 

polly	what about mom and dad? 

grandma	well, the locket broke before your father was born. and now, well, he can be a bit of a worry wart. maybe best your parents don't know so they don't get worked up. 

grandma	no need for them to fret since i won't be using the locket much at my age. though, while i'm in town this week, we could use it. 

polly	we? but all those big things the locket-pocket is supposed to do sounded like a grown-ups-only deal. 

grandma	true, the locket has always been held by adults. but i'm still the locket-bearer and you can be my, um, accomplice! ready to shrink? 

polly	together? you can do that?

grandma	the locket-bearer can shrink another, as long as we're touching. you're small enough to begin with it'll be easy. bigger things are a different story. too much power at once -- well, i don't even want to think about it! 

grandma	pocket time! 

polly/grandma	yeah! / (laugh!) i almost forgot how wonderful it is! come along, polly!

gwen	and polly was tiny, like a little slug, but then she was big again! 

griselle	the locket has been fixed!? after all these years of putting all my money into trying to replicate it and failing! but i can finally have the original! 

griselle	and stealing it from a little girl will be a piece of cake! 

gwen	cake, ya! 

griselle	we aren’t talking about cake anymore! come gwen, we’ve got work to do.
