Bradley (VO)	Some people might think I don’t have conscience. 

Bradley (VO)	That it’s all about the money.

Bradley (VO)	Well that’s never been true.

Bradley (VO)	Before I do a job, I always ask why.

Bradley (VO)	You have to keep a sense of balance.

Bradley (VO)	It’s a terrible thing what I do.

Bradley (VO)	And it’s easy to forget that.

Bradley (VO)	To think that one more doesn’t make any difference.

Bradley (VO)	But it does.

Bradley (VO)	And the day it doesn’t, it’s the day you lost your soul. You stepped off the ledge into the abyss.

Bradley (VO)	Well then it’s only a matter a time until you hit the ground. And hell has a very hard floor.	

Bradley (VO)	So there’s got to be a reason.

Bradley (VO)	There’s consequences.

Bradley (VO)	For every reaction, there an opposite and equal reaction.

Bradley (VO)	The universe doesn’t make any exceptions. So try to make sure you’re pushing in the right direction. Or the universe will push back.

Bradley (VO)	I’m not saying that what I’m doing is right.

Bradley (VO)	I’ll leave that argument to the philosophers.

Bradley (VO)	I only know that some people…

Bradley (VO)	They just need killing.

Steiner	Excuse me, Mr Vogel.

Steiner	It’s your first appointment this morning.

Vogel	Ah, is this the Dutch thing?

Steiner	Is there anything you’d like?

Vogel	Agh… Yeah same as usual… Agh…

Vogel	What times this fucker due?

Steiner	A few minutes.

Steiner	He’s on his way.

Vogel	Agh, good. I’ve got my daughter visiting.

Vogel	I don’t like this kind of shit happening when she’s around. I mean it could be all nice and civil. Or maybe we’re gonna have to play bad.

Vogel	Either way, let’s make a point if he’s going to make one.

Steiner	It’s one man.

Vogel	Yeah it depends on the man, doesn’t it? I mean hey.

Vogel	Steiner, this meeting is a courtesy. If he doesn’t check out, I want you to kill this fucker slowly, painfully. Ok? And I want this mother fucker found. 

Vogel	I want to make it a point. If he’s gonna make a point then I’m gonna make a goddamn point.

Vogel	I don’t want any misunderstandings with his employer, ok?

Angelica	Dad?

Vogel	Hey! Come. Boy, you look great.

Angelica	Ah, thanks, you like it?

Vogel	(overlap) Damn, I love the dress.

Vogel	You smell great.

Angelica	Ah, thank you. Are you ready for lunch?

Vogel	Honey, I’ve been ready for lunch for hours now.

Vogel	Goddamn. Don’t I look ready?

Angelica	Morning, Steiner.

Steiner	Hello ma’am. 

Angelica	Ok, let’s go.

Vogel	I’ve got a…one little thing I’ve got to take care of and I’ll catch you all. Why don’t you and ah your boyfriend there go have a drink on me and I’ll br right out. Promise. Ok?

Angelica	Dad. 

Angelica	Ok, five minutes.

Vogel	Four minutes, four and a half minutes.

Angelica	Right, I’ve got some news to tell you but at lunch when Nick gets there ok.

Vogel	You got it.

Angelica	Ok cool.

Vogel	Hey, Steiner? What do you think?

Angelica	He’s a little scary. I think I’ll go wait by myself.

Vogel	(overlap) Agh… Don’t tell him that. He’ll ask for more money.

Angelica	Dad…

Angelica	Right, see you in five minutes, yeah?

Vogel	(overlap) See you baby. Alright.

Vogel	You’re so popular.

Steiner	He’s coming in now.

Angelica	Morning.

Steiner	Far enough.

Bradley	Careful. Might be loaded.

Vogel	Sit down.

Bradley	I’ll stand if you don’t mind.

Vogel	Oh man, I don’t give a fuck what you’d rather. Just sit.

Vogel	Listen I’m seeing you today because uh… 

Vogel	Because your employer asked me to indulge him so I am.

Vogel	I already gave him the answer on this and the answer is no.

Vogel	So unless you’ve got something some kind of business you’d like to discuss with me then…	

Vogel	I’m sorry this is gonna be a short meeting.

Vogel	You got a name? Mr?

Bradley	Bradley

Vogel	Mr Bradley.

Vogel	Well Bradley I’m not a … I’m not a very patient man and ah… As the saying goes, If I’ve got a pull a few teeth to get some answers. Then you understand me right?

Vogel	I’m gonna have to do what I got to do and ahh… 

Vogel	Let me just get straight to the fucking point.

Vogel	Why the fuck are you here?

Bradley	You know why I’m here.

Bradley	The disk.

Bradley	The disk that was inconveniently mislaid and is now in your possession.

Vogel	Okay.

Bradley	It doesn’t belong to you.

Vogel	I wouldn’t sell it to you.

Bradley	It’s not yours to sell.


Vogel	Hmm?

Bradley	It’s not yours to sell.

Vogel	It’s my safe.

Vogel	It’s my house that makes it mine.

Bradley	No, it doesn’t.

Bradley	That’s why I’m here. To give you an opportunity to return it.

Vogel	To return it.

Vogel	Why? ‘Cause you came in all dressed up and asked so nicely.

Vogel	I’m sorry son but this meeting is over.

Bradley	I have ask nicely.

Bradley	And I’m not gonna again.

Bradley	Believe me. 

Bradley	It’s in your best interest just hand it over to me now.

Vogel	Jesus Bradley. If you came in here and you ask me, nicely, ‘Bend over….

Vogel	…I’m gonna put up your ass”. I’ll still tell you no. Come on man.

Vogel	Ooh Bradley, you didn’t have to get physical here.

Vogel	The fact remains that the disk is in my safe.

Vogel	And if you kill me

Vogel	You’ll have to have a small bomb to open up that fucking safe.

Vogel	And I don’t see one on you Bradley.

Vogel	So you’re gonna have to kill because I’m not gonna open it.

Vogel	So it looks like we’re at a crossroads here.

Bradley	I’m not gonna kill just you.

Vogel	Bradley, yes, to tell you the truth. I do know of you.

Vogel	Yeah I know you won’t do it. Oh sure you’ll kill me… but… 

Vogel	You ain’t gonna go for the girl. Not a guy like you. I know that.

Vogel	You’re full of shit, you’re bluffing.

Bradley	Are you willing to take that chance with your daughter’s life?

Bradley	Then you’re gonna die.

Bradley	Not knowing if that gamble paid off.

Vogel	Listen man, I don’t believe you but, no man, that’s not one gamble I’m willing to take.	

Vogel	You don’t even know what the fuck is on that disk do you?

Vogel	So now I… 

Vogel	What am I gonna say, I presume you’re gonna just kill me.

Bradley	I’ll just take the ahh… roast pork and beansprouts please.

Shopkeeper	Okay.

Bradley	And some steamed rice.

Shopkeeper	Would you like a drink as well?

Bradley	Yeah. I’ll take a green tea please.

Shopkeeper	(overlap) Okay.

Shopkeeper	Ten pounds please.

Bradley	There you go.

Shopkeeper	Thank you.

Shopkeeper	There’s your receipt.

Shopkeeper	It’ll take a few minutes.

Street Thug 1	Hello boss.

Street Thug 1	Can I have a… one of those bottles over there please boss?

Shopkeeper	Hey!

Shopkeeper	What’s that?

Street Thug 2	Nothing… nothing…

Shopkeeper	No.

Shopkeeper	What’s in your pocket?

Street Thug 1	Fuck off man!

Street Thug 2	Dick head.

Street Thug 2	Prick.

Street Thug 2	You?

Street Thug 2	What are you looking at?

Street Thug 2	I’ll mess you up man. I’ll mess you up man.

Street Thug 1	No man, forget it man. Let’s go.

Street Thug 2	I’ll mess you up.

Street Thug 1	Forget it man.

Street Thug 1	Go man.

Bradley	You okay?

Shopkeeper	Ahhh…

Shopkeeper	I know these boys.

Shopkeeper	I know these boys since they were born.

Shopkeeper	Why do they act like this?

Shopkeeper	Steal from me. Break things up. Trouble every night. Every night. 

Shopkeeper	No one would want to live here.

Shopkeeper	Oh, your food is ready.

Shopkeeper	That’s your food.

Shopkeeper	Thank you.

Sergei	So what is this?

Prostitute	That’s all there is.

Prostitute	Oh it’s cold.

Sergei	It’s laziness.

Sergei	It’s ahh Sergei. I want roof over my head… and coco… and cupcakes. But I don’t want to work for it.

Sergei	Hey this is not how we do things. This is bad performance. 

Sergei	I may have to consult with my HR manager here.

Anna	No Sergei! She tell you the truth.

Sergei	You shut up.

Sergei	This is meeting with me and her.

Sergei	Management and employee.

Anna	Aghhh.

Sergei	You are in my office. Door is closed. You are outside.

Anna	But it’s cold!

Sergei	You see!

Sergei	That’s what we call official warning.

Sergei	It follows verbal one.

Sergei	Can I help you?

Sergei	Did you call catering?

Sergei	Aha!

Sergei	And where is mine?

Sergei	You don’t mind, do you?

Sergei	All this Asian food.

Sergei	I’m not in the mood for this chinkie shit though.

Sergei	You know what I would like?

Sergei	No?

Sergei	Burger with fries. You don’t have anything like that, do you?

Sergei	How about… you get lunch. We call it expenses.

Sergei	That’s very generous. Lunch all round.

Sergei	Now go.

Angelica	Dad…

Vogel	You crossed the line when you threatened my family. 

Bradley	I’m so sorry. 

Angelica	I want my dad.

Vogel	What am I gonna say. I presume you’re just gonna kill me.

Bradley	I guess you’re more afraid of my employer than he is of you.

Bradley	He just wants the disk.

Bradley	And you’re right. I wouldn’t have killed your daughter.

Bradley	I’m so sorry.

Anna (off screen)	Stop it!

Anna (off screen)	Stop it!

Anna (off screen)	Stop it!

Anna (off screen)	You kill her!

Anna 	No!

Anna	Don’t!

Anna	Stop it!

Sergei	You see!

Anna	Help us!

Sergei	You were warned.

Anna	Help us!

Sergei	I told you! I told you!

Anna 	Please… Help me please…

Anna	Help us. Help us please.

Anna	Do something please.

Anna	Please! Aghhh…

Sergei	Get her to the car.

Sergei	You shut up!

Sergei	You won’t say anything, will you?

Sergei	No?

Sergei	Good girl.

Anna	Bastard!

Sergei	Yes, yes I am.

Sergei	You’re a whore. We all know what whores do. There’s customer upstairs. You show me.	

Sergei	You hear that? What is that?

Sergei	Where’s my dinner?

Bradley	I’m at the Common Inn on Graystone Drive. We need help here.

Emergency 	Service 

Operator (off screen)	(overlap) What’s the nature of the emergency?

Bradley	Look I need an ambulance right away.

Emergency 	Service 

Operator (off screen)	Sorry can you repeat…

Anna	Wait!

Bradley	There’s an ambulance on the way. She’ll be fine.

Anna	But I can’t be here. I cannot be here when the police come. 

Bradley	Then go!

Anna	Go where?

Anna	Look, you will not help me before.

Anna	Please.

Bradley	Come on.

Bradley	Get in.

Det. Brookes	Looks like somebody wasn’t  happy with the service. 

Det. Brookes	How many dead?

Sgt. Compton	Eight gov. Including upstairs.

Det. Brookes	Shit.

Sgt. Compton	It gets worse.

Det. Brookes	Whoever did this, really didn’t like him. Well not that I did myself. Still, what goes around comes around. Eh, Sergei?

Det. Brookes	You know who did it?

Sgt. Compton	No. Not a customer. They said they’ve never seen him before.

Det. Brookes	Well Ive a feeling she did. Alright, look. Usual drill. Alright. Get a full description.

Sgt. Crompton	They’re rigged for CCTV.

Det. Brookes	I bet the punters didn’t know about this.

Det. Brookes	Jesus.

Sgt. Compton	That’s our man.

Det. Brookes	Alright, look, get this issued, right. But not to the press just yet, alright. Not until I know what’s going on.

Det. Brookes	This didn’t happen because of a bad blowjob. And find out who that is!

Anna	Thank you for what you did. I know every girl in there will be traumatised for the rest of her life. But thank you. Those bastards deserve it. Every bullet.

Anna	What did you say your name was?

Bradley	I didn’t.

Anna	Okay.

Anna	Can I ask you what is your story?

Bradley	You can ask.

Anna	But I will not get the answer.

Bradley	Not the one that you’d like.

Anna	Well… This is not the end of it, you know. They won’t just let you do that and walk away. 	

Bradley	Yeah I know.


Anna	I can help you. I know a little bit about them. What they do.

Bradley	If you want my help you need to tell me everything you know.

Anna	I need for you to help me find my sister… Jessica.

Anna	I have not seen her for more than one year.

Bradley	What happened to her?

Anna	I don’t know.

Bradley	Do you think she managed to get out? Find her way home?

Anna	Hmmm… No. She get to put to another place like you just seen. We both end up, meat.	

Anna	I’m Anna… by the way.

Bradley	Look, if she’s alive.

Anna	She’s alive!

Anna	She’s alive.

Bradley	Then I’ll find her.

Anna	Why we stop?

Bradley	I need to make a phone call unless you want to sleep in the car tonight.

Anna	Oh… so you pull over because you don’t want to break the law by calling while driving.

News reporter on TV	It seems a lone unarmed male entered the building somehow overpowered and then killed the gang of heavily armed criminals who we understand are involved in illegal trafficking of women. 

The Executive	Hello?

Bradley	I need a safe house.

The Executive	I know. I’m just watching the news. I was surprise to see you’re back in business.

Bradley	I’m not.

The Executive	Charity work? It’s been a while. You’ve gotten sentimental.

Bradley	Can you help me or not?

The Executive	Can I help you.

The Executive	423 Eastwood Walk. Southeast. Combination to follow.

Bradley	Thanks.

The Executive	We’ve missed you Bradley. Now that you’re back from vacation, we’ll be in touch.

Anna	So, who was that?

Bradley	My dad.

Anna	How is he?

The Executive	Bradley’s active again. Location 5. Arrange a wakeup call.

Anna	Oooh, your dad have nice taste.

Bradley	Wait here.


Bradley	There’s a room upstrairs you can relax. You might find some more clothes in there. Ummm, take a shower whatever you got to do.

Anna	I take bath.

Bradley	I’ll check the kitchen. See if there’s anything to eat.

Anna	(overlap) I’m starving.

Anna	It look good.

Bradley	Not bad for tinned cans and frozen sticks huh.

Anna	What is this? You stock for nuclear war or something?

Bradley	Something.

Anna	Who are you?

Anna	What do you do?

Bradley	I cook. Badly but go ahead eat.

Anna	This is good. This is old family recipe?

Bradley	I don’t have a family.

Anna	I’m sorry.

Bradley	It’s okay.

Bradley	It’s a long time ago.

Bradley	What about your family, Jessica.

Anna	Jessica and I were very close. I was supposed to take care of her because I’m her big sister. And I could not do it.

Bradley	It’s okay. Try to eat. Get your strength back.

Bradley	What does Jessica look like?

Anna	I have picture. I get it.

Anna	You see. This is Jessica.

Bradley	That’s Jessica?

Anna	Let go.

Bradley	Let’s go.

Anna	I save you.

The Boss	What happened? Who hit us?

Zhanna	Wasn’t a competitor. Wasn’t a gang turned it over. Spoke to our man on the inside, from what I’m hearing from the girls, it was one man.

The Boss	One man?

Zhanna	One man.

The Boss	Who the hell was it?

Zhanna	No idea. We can’t even get a hold of the surveillance until tomorrow morning until it’s bagged and stashed. Nobody even ever seen him before. Not one girl recognised him.

The Boss	Well somebody who could do something like that all on their own can’t be too hard to find. What I’m saying is somebody who can wipe out everybody like that by themselves, it kind of narrows it down a little bit, right?

Zhanna	We wouldn’t know somebody like that.

The Boss	Not necessarily. People like that are very dangerous. Not born that way except in my case, they’re created. And you never hear anything about them because everyone they ever met is gone.

Zhanna	The guy fucking walks in, tears the place up. Makes a phone call and leaves, that’s fucking, that’s nuts. Girls could be talking to anybody. You have no idea what kind of freak shows we get through that place.

The Boss	Nice place.

The Boss	Crazy hat.

Zhanna	What?

The Boss	My grandfather, fought at Arnham, American Air Bourne. Fought against the SS Division. Called themselves the Crazy Hats. I don’t know how to say it in German but ah they were called that by their own side. 

The Boss	Soldiers that lost their families and lost everything. They wore a certain kind of uniform and hat so that they’d be shot as soon as they put their hands up.

The Boss	My grandfather said the krauts were pretty tough when they fought. But in the end they would rather live than die. These other characters I guess they… thought it was a suicide mission they wanted to die for what they believe in. The whole thing was a game. 

The Boss	Maybe that’s what we’re up against.

Zhanna	Well if that’s the case then someone has lost control of a pretty serious piece of ordinance. We’re better off just walking away, taking the hit and let somebody else worry about this.

The Boss	Well we’re gonna have to get some kind of photo ID on the cat because you know what? It’s the only way anybody is gonna be able to do anything to find out what he looks like.

Zhanna	(overlap) We’re gonna have it by daybreak.

The Boss	Listen, I’ve got to get out of here.

Zhanna	Okay.

Anna	Who were they? Police?

Bradley	No.

Anna	Who then?

Bradley	Old friends.

Anna	How did they know we were there? Why are they trying to kill us?

Bradley	That’s what I’m gonna find out.

Anna	Oh fuck!

Bradley	You better get in the back. Put your head down.

Anna	Okay.

Anna	Ahhhh

Anna	Here.

Waitress	Morning! What will you have?

Anna	I would like the breakfast special please ahh with coffee.

Bradley	Make that two. I’ll take tea please.

Anna	What the fuck was that? Who are those men? Why are they chasing us? 

Anna	They’re chasing you. Who are you?

Bradley	I told you. You wouldn’t like the answer.

Bradley	What can you tell me about Jessica? Did you pick anything up from your captors, from the girls who were stuck there with?

Anna	We used to live together in a small flat provided by the agency.

Anna	When one girl move out, the next move in like a production line. So when I get put to full time as they call it, then Jessica get take to place called the schoolhouse. But I don’t know where that is. I need for you to find out.

Bradley	This agency, what was it called?

Anna	Capital Promotions.

Bradley	What branch did you work at? Who was your agent?

Anna	Paul Hamilton

Anna	He work out of a small office there. 

Anna	So what is your plan? You just go in there and say “Where is Jessica?”

Bradley	Something like that.

Rachel	Good morning.

Bradley	Morning. Is Paul Hamilton here? I would like to have a word. 

Rachel	Do you have an appointment?

Bradley	No, I don’t. Umm it’s concerning Jessica and Anna Peel. I’m their brother. Mr Hamilton was their agent. I was just wondering if he could shed some light on their whereabouts.

Rachel	Okay, take a seat please.

Paul Hamilton	Mr Peel? I’m Paul Hamilton.

Bradley	It’s a pleasure.

Paul Hamilton	Come in.

Paul Hamilton	Take a seat.

Paul Hamilton	How are you today?

Bradley	Well actually it’s been a full day already.

Paul Hamilton	Well I know how that goes. So what can I do for you? Rachel mentioned something about Anna?

Bradley	Yes, well you, used to be Anna’s agent. And Jessica’s too I believe. So I was hoping you could tell me exactly where Jessica Peel is right now.

Paul Hamilton	Well I’m sorry but we no longer represent Anna. She’s no longer with us. She was with us for a few months and then she left. Got a new job and a new agent. It happens. She worked her notice, was paid. And I haven’t heard from her since.

Bradley	I think you’re misunderstanding me Paul. I can call you Paul, right? 

Bradley	I know where Anna is. She’s sitting in the car just down the road at the moment. Yeah that’s right. I took her out of that cesspit that you had her in. 

Bradley	I wanna know where Jessica Peel is. I wanna know where the schoolhouse is. And if she’s there right now.

Paul Hamilton	I don’t know who you think you are son. But you got the wrong fucking guy. You come into my office, asking me about some fucking slapper and you already know where she is. Are you taking a piss? Do I look like a cunt? Get the fuck out of my office before I lose my temper?

Paul Hamilton	You’re pulling a fucking shooter on me? You’re gonna have to be prepared to back it up son if you’re gonna pull something like that. Who do you think you are? Billy the fucking kid? I can assure you, I’m a bit better in this sort of thing than you fucking are. Get the fuck out of my office. Take your fucking shooter with you! 

Paul Hamilton	Fuck! Fucking fuck. What the fuck?

Bradley	Sit down!

Bradley	Sit down!

Bradley	Tell me where the schoolhouse is.

Paul Hamilton	I don’t know! I don’t know!

Bradley	Tell me where Jessica Peel is. Tell me where Jessica is.

Paul Hamilton	Weston Park House. Weston Park House. Try there. That’s where they keep the girls.	

Bradley	That’s all you got to tell me. You sell women. Children, into slavery. They disappear, never to be seen again. Never see their families, never see their homes. Well you make me sick. So I’ll tell you what. I don’t have time to do this slowly, so… I’m just gonna make it painful.

Bradley	I don’t think you’re better on this than me.

Rachel	Were we able to help?

Bradley	Yeah, he remembered them well. Actually, he got quite choked up. Have a good day.	

Bradley	Weston Park House.

Anna	How did you find that out?

Bradley	I asked him.

Voice on TV	Taking place in the capital. More on that later. Now, over to the…	

Zhanna	Boss. Got it. On my way.

Bradley	You go inside. Get some rest. I’m gonna check out Weston Park House.

Anna	Okay.

Bradley	Don’t open this door for anyone.

Zhanna	It’s our man. 

The Boss	That’s the big hero hey.

The Boss	Now get that out as soon as possible. I want everyone to know exactly what he looks like.	

Zhanna	You really think he’s gonna hit us again?

The Boss	I don’t know. Excuse me.

The Boss	Yeah? Ha. That’s fucked up.

The Boss	Well you can spare me the details. Alright. Okay, alright. Thanks.

The Boss	Hamilton just got offed.

Zhanna	What?

The Boss	Yeah. Right in his own office. With his secretary sitting right outside. Guy just sauntered in, couple of minutes later, just walked out. They found Hamilton a few hours later with his neck stretched out like a Christmas turkey. 

Zhanna	Christ.

The Boss	Yeah they said they he bit off his own tongue. Same story, big dude. I guess he probably will hit us again.

The Executive	Hello?

Bradley	Why?

The Executive	You’re a risk Bradley. You went off the radar after your last job for us. You couldn’t deal with collateral damage. You couldn’t be relied upon. You became an unknown. We don’t like unknowns. Don’t like random events.

Bradley	Job was completed. You got the requested goods. 

The Executive	Yeah but you don’t just disappear like you did Bradley. We looked and we couldn’t find you. We never had that before and that worried us. Who knew what you might be doing. You developed a conscience on us buddy. You became a liability.

Bradley	You know how this is gonna end, don’t you?

The Executive	Yes I do. One of us is gonna die.

X	Contact. 

The Executive	Where?

X	East London. Stratton Street, Building 51. 

The Executive	Dispatch Team 2. 

Anna	Mum?

Anna	It’s Anna.

Anna	I promise. We’ll both be home soon.

Anna	I love you. I love you mum.

Trafficked Girl 1	I’m scared. I want to go home!

Handler 1	You want to help your sister, don’t you?

Trafficked Girl 1	Yes.

Handler 1	And you want to see your mummy again, don’t you?

Trafficked Girl 1	Yes.

Handler 1	Well then this is the way to do that. If you don’t then I don’t know how long it’ll be till you can go home. Both you and your sister. And it will be your fault.

Trafficked Girl 1	No!

Handler 1	Then are you going to be a good girl? Good. It won’t be so bad. They’re nice people you’re getting to meet. Bet they bought you a present. All you have to do is be nice to them. 

Trafficked Girl 1	Like in those photos you showed me.

Handler 1	Yes. Don’t be scared. Everyone is scared first time but there’s no need. It’s just fun. It’s just grown up games you’re getting to play. Okay? Good. Now you go with Sarah. She’s your friend? She’ll look after you. Okay hunny?

Handler 1	Right! Hurry up! Get yourselves ready. We’ve lots of guests tonight. So I expect best behaviour from all of you. Okay? 

Handler 2	Go on, bitches, move it! Now! Now! Up! Hurry up. 

Trafficked Girl 2	Come with me.

Henchman	Fuck off!

Executive Agent 	Primary target acquired. 

The Executive	Stand down. 

Executive Agent	Say again?

The Executive	You are to stand down. Do not engage. Confirm.

Executive Agent	Confirmed.

The Executive	Withdraw to surveillance station. I want him rattled. Thinking emotionally instead of logically. You got me? 

Det. Brookes	What do we have on the guy killed in Kensington, Paul Hamilton? 

Sgt. Compton	Nothing that I’m aware of. Just a local promoter, why? 

Det. Brookes	Well the woman that went missing last night, you know, the one that took off with the perp. Well she’s down as having to have worked for Hamilton. She disappears then next turns up working in a knocking show. 

Sgt. Compton	That’s not the first story we’ve heard like that. 

Det. Brookes	Maybe not. But her sister went off the map at the same time. Just a kid too. I mean, Peel was living in the flats above with the other girls. No mention of the kid.

Sgt. Compton	What are you thinking?

Det. Brookes	Well, that the girl is still in London and that the perp is looking for her.

Business Man	I have a wife and daughter. For pity sake, don’t! 

Bradley	They’re better off without you.

Business Man	No!

Bradley	Don’t be scared the police are on their way. It’s gonna be fine. 

Bradley	Where is she? Where’s Jessica Peel?

Handler 1	I don’t… Jesicca? Jessica. She’s not with us now. She was bought.

Bradley	Bought?

Handler 1	A gentleman of ours. He liked her. He bought her. She’s with him now. 

Bradley	Who is he? Where are they?

Handler 1	Jacob Andries. Amsterdam.

Bradley	Andries Diamonds? The merchant?

Handler 1	Yeah.

Det. Brookes	Brookes.

Bradley	It’s me. 423 Eastwood Walk. 

Det. Brookes	Alright. What do you wanna talk about? 

Bradley	I prefer to meet face to face. I’m at Weston Park House. There’s something here I think you’d like to see. 

Det. Brookes	And what have you done?

Bradley	Just made a small part of the world a better place to live. Look I’m not gonna be here long so you better hurry. 

Det. Brookes	It’s our man. Weston Park House. Come on.

Sgt. Compton	Jesus.

Sgt. Compton	Cuff ‘em.

Det. Brookes	Ahh shit!

The Boss	Weston got hit by your man Bradley, alright. Completely destroyed. We’re gonna get a fuck load of heat for that! Alright!

The Executive	Leave that to me.

The Boss	Sure. I guess you don’t know who’s on the guest list, do you?

The Executive	Yes, I do. And I know they’d be most grateful to a friend who can help them. 

The Boss	What about this Bradley?

The Executive	Find him.

The Boss	This guy we’re looking for. He goes by the name of Bradley. We better find him, fast. 

Zhanna	I think we’ve got it covered boss. 

The Boss	How’s that?

Zhanna	When he hit the school house he took one of the comms unit off one of our security guys. They’re all kitted out with a tracking system so we can locate them in case of an emergency and we think Bradley has got it with him so we know exactly where he is.

The Boss	Isn’t that clever.

Zhanna	I got the best guys, ex-militaries…

The Boss	Well they damn well better be because they’re working for The Executive too. And he wants him dead.

Zhanna	Shit! Shit… No! This is a whole different fucking ball of wax. I don’t deal with anything The Executive has his hand in.

The Boss	I don’t blame you. I don’t trust him either. Okay.

Zhanna	Yeah, we’re all liable to end up dead.

The Boss	Maybe so. He’s a rotten son of a bitch. But he wants him dead as much as you and I.

Zhanna	Who’s Bradley to The Executive?

The Boss	I wish I knew the answer to that. I don’t think they’re exchanging any Christmas cards. Or going on a goddamn fishing trip together.

Zhanna	If The Executive has something to do with this that means that this is about more than just a guy with a thing for chicks and a sob story. I say, we get out.

The Boss	I don’t think we have much of a choice. That’s the order. He wants it done. Okay?

Zhanna	I don’t like it.

The Boss	That’s the way it is. You and him go way back, don’t you?

Zhanna	You could say that.

The Boss	Are you gonna tell me the story or you want me to leave it up to my imagination. 

Zhanna	You don’t have a sick enough imagination.

The Boss	Yes, I do.

Zhanna	Million years ago when I was joining the force and trying to pay my way to college I met The Executive. He told me I could be a model. So next thing I know I’m swinging around the pole. Gacked out on some shit I didn’t even know what the fuck it was. Crawling around naked on the floor for a dollar bills begging for more of the fucking shit. I’m lucky to be alive. I know who The Executive is. 

The Boss	Alright, well, that’s a good story. We need to get our people together and just kill him. Kill that mother fucker.

Radio VO	Early this morning police raided the largest paedophile network discovered in London in recent years. Many prominent business people and both men and women were arrested. Authorities refused to say how many children were involved but the number was substantial. Police quashed rumours of a vigilante tip off or that any of those arrested were injured despite the number of ambulances seen at the scene. Police assured that this is strictly procedure. We’ll be bringing you more of that story as it unfolds later...

The Boss	That was another royal fuck up. You and your undefeatable mercenaries and the commandos and paratroopers and whoever the fuck else showed up.

Zhanna	What am I supposed to do? They were fucking…

Sally	Zhanna.

Sally	Sorry, but… can I have a word?

Zhanna	Now is not a good time Sally, thanks.

Sally	Zhanna.

Zhanna	What?

Zhanna	Okay, just say it, Sally.

Sally	I need an advance.

Zhanna	I can’t do that.

Sally	(overlap) Just a week. Just to cover a few bills. I need rent money. I’m out if I miss another week. 

Zhanna	You know I can’t give you an advance Sally. 

Zhanna	But… You’re a beautiful girl. You should be a model, I keep telling you. Come to one of red dress parties. We need a girl. We lost a girl somebody last week. You would be perfect.

Sally	I heard there was sex involved. 

Zhanna	It’s a model party. Are you… There are models there, actresses; there are producers and lots of wealthy powerful men. You know… you could get discovered. It could be your lucky day. I mean you got what it takes. You know, you just flash a smile. You could make a lot of money. 

Sally	It’s not… It’s not sketchy?

Zhanna	How sketchy is 2K? Huh? Wear a red dress, some shoes… Get a sexy outfit like you’re going on a date. Get yourself a Gucci. 

Zhanna	You take this. You show up. 

Zhanna	You got talent. You could go far kid… far, far, away.

The Boss	What? Are you recruiting now? Is that it?

Zhanna	I’ve still got a business to run. We lost a girl last week. 

The Boss	You really think now is the best time for that. We’ve got more important things to talk about.	

Zhanna	Alright. Fine.

The Boss	Are you gonna tell me about the girl?

Zhanna	What? Some politician got over zealous with his dominance game, the girl ended up in ICU.

The Boss	You know… You know what I really like about you?

Zhanna	What?

The Boss	Absolutely nothing.

On screen text	Amsterdam

Bradley	It’s Bradley.

Bradley’s Associate on the phone	Bradley. What are you doing here? 

Bradley	I need supplies. 

Bradley’s Associate on the phone	What kind of job?

Bradley	Nothing long range. Just something small and reliable. 

Bradley’s Associate on the phone	Give me an hour. Is that it?

Bradley	That’s it.

Bradley’s Associate on the phone	Sure. Usual drop off.

Bradley	Excuse me. I’m a little lost. I was wondering if you could tell me where room 130 is.

Hotel Staff	If you would go through these doors take a left.

Bradley	Great, thank you very much.

Hotel Staff	It’s okay.

Jacob Andries	I was wondering when you were going to arrive. 

Bradley	Then you know why I’m here.

Jacob Andries	Executive.

Bradley	No, I’m not with The Executive. 

Jacob Andries	Aren’t you?

Bradley	I’m here for the girl.

Jacob Andries	Is that what you believe?

Bradley	No games. I’m here for Jessica Peel.

Jacob Andries	Never heard of her.

Bradley	Don’t make me ask you again.

Jacob Andries	You may not believe this but you do work for The Executive.

Bradley	You do as I ask. Tell me where she is and I’m gonna make this quick. Otherwise, I’m gonna take you apart piece by piece and you don’t wanna die like that. 

Jacob Andries	You’ll be killing an innocent man.

Bradley	You lie.

Jacob Andries	No, The Executive lies. They mix truth with deception. Black is white and white is black. And grey lapse and overflows. With every piece of information they give you and that you may think you’re getting from them.

Bradley	Many men have pleaded for their lives with me. This is nothing more than that.

Jacob Andries	And how many of those men knew who was sending their executioner? And how many of those men knew The Executive.  And they were allowed to live… like yourself. 

Jacob Andries	What did they tell you? That I’m holding the key to some precious information that you would kill for. And kill and kill again until you’ve obtained it. I’m sure you believe your mission is just. You’re obviously good at what you do and you wouldn’t kill a man for no reason. And that’s why they gave you a reason. They fed you a reason. 

Jacob Andries	And now you’re doing exactly what they want you to do.

Bradley	I’ve never killed anyone who wasn’t guilty of the sentence I gave them. 

Jacob Andries	Of course.

Jacob Andries	Truth with lie. Lie with truth.

Bradley	So how do you know all these?

Jacob Andries	Because I used to be a pawn for them. Just like you are now. And I worked for them, quite willingly. 

Jacob Andries	Until I asked a question. And once you start asking questions, well, then your time is limited or you have less time. Because every job for The Executive is temporary.

Bradley	So what exactly did you do?

Jacob Andries	What does that matter. They needed to keep me alive and they found a way to ensure that.

Bradley	But you’re a widower. You daughter is tutored abroad.

Bradley	They killed your wife. 

Bradley	They’re holding your daughter.

Jacob Andries	Maybe you should have a seat.

Bradley	This is the girl I came here for.

Jacob Andries	Beautiful.

Jacob Andries	And the school?

Bradley	You know of the school?

Jacob Andries	Oh yes, I know of many such places. They’re all fronts. They use them to extort and blackmail people. Every room has a camera and a microphone. Completely covered.

Bradley	Then why would they have me close it down. There was a woman there; she gave me your name. And they tried to kill me.

Jacob Andries	But they couldn’t. Circumstances changed. They still want you killed. But events created a new opportunity. And the woman who mentioned my name. She would have been told that I was reason the girl was moved. They all would have been told that. Because no one had any idea who you would interrogate.

Jacob Andries	And as to why they wanted you to close that place down. Well, because you’re a pawn in The Executive’s chess game. Sacrifice for a greater strategy.



Jacob Andries	Maybe they wanted some people silenced. Maybe they wanted some people in their pocket. I don’t know. But what I do know, unfortunately is whatever business of theirs you disrupt, they have many others to go to. 

Bradley	But the girl, she’s real.

Jacob Andries	Oh yeah, she’s real. They’re all real. They’re merely actors on the stage that the 

Executive created.

Bradley	I still need to find her. 

Jacob Andries	She could be anywhere, my friend.

Bradley	I made a promise.

Jacob Andries	Then you need to get the Executive to reveal where the girl is. 

Bradley	Sure. But how do I do that.

Jacob Andries	By getting the girl to lead you to the place that the Executive wants you to be. That’s the next step after killing me.

Bradley	But I broke their plan.

Jacob Andries	Yes you did. 

Jacob Andries	But they don’t need to know that.

X	Bradley’s activated his phone again.

The Executive	Of course, he has. He wants us to know exactly where he is.

The Executive	Bravo, Bradley! Excellent work! Andries was a tricky shot. I know… because we considered it.

Bradley	This ends now.

The Executive	Really. Aborting the mission. You have uncompleted objectives Bradley. This isn’t like you. 

Bradley	Andries seem to think that you sent me. Tried to make a deal for his life. Gave me some data.

The Executive	Oh…

The Executive	Uhmm..

The Executive	That’s interesting.

Bradley	Not as interesting it’ll be when I make a dozen copies and send them to every newspaper and police agency.

The Executive	Well that would be a pity. A pity for Andries’ daughter, for Anna’s sister.

Bradley	Never met them. They mean nothing to me.

The Executive	Come, come, Bradley. That little rampage, you just tore across two cities… was all that just a slap for a cheap whore?The Executive	Look. We both hold something that each of us wants. It’ll save us both a lot of time and effort to simply exchange.

Bradley	How do I know I can trust you.

The Executive	You don’t. How do I know you won’t copy and distribute that information? We’re just gonna have to trust each other good buddy. Simple as that.Bradley	I’ll need proof before I show up anywhere.

The Executive	So will I.News Reporter on TV	Recluse diamond merchat Jacob Andries was found dead this evening on the floor of his hotel suite. Police refused to confirm details but we understand this to be a murder investigation. Unconfirmed reports of Andries been found apparently slain on the floor of his apartment.

Jacob Andries	They’ll be waiting for you this time. They’re not gonna make the same mistake twice. 

Jacob Andries	If I may, what got you into all this?

Bradley	Like you said, does it matter?

Jacob Andries	It does if The Executive has something they can use against you.

Bradley	I’ve seen… I’ve done some pretty terrible things in my life. I always believed it was for just cause so I could live with it.

Bradley	Now when I look in the mirror all I see is just another murderer.

Jacob Andries	You danced with the devil my friend.

Bradley	I can’t make right the things that I’ve done wrong. Maybe I can make some atonement, do some good.

Jacob Andries	This is your penance. That was your weakness. That’s what The Executive will hold against you. 

Bradley	What if there was any other way.

Jacob Andries	There is no other way. They have my daughter and the girl you’re looking for. I’m asking you to bring both of them back. 

Bradley	It just means more death.

Jacob Andries	Remember my friend, death himself is an angel. Thou hast seen my sin… now judge thou my cause.

Bradley	I’m gonna need some supplies.

Jacob Andries	My contact has already taken care of that.

The Executive	What seems to be the trouble?

Det. Brookes	What’s the trouble? One of your guys has introduced a cut into my take home salary. That’s the trouble. I mean my monthly bonus got cancelled along with Sergei and his boss. 

The Executive	Well we’re most grateful for your assistance. 

Det. Brookes	This is a one-off? I want a monthly retainer.

The Executive	A retainer? We only pay for services rendered. 

Det. Brookes	Yeah and my services are rendered when asked for. And if you want it to stay that way? Then that’s how it works. 


The Executive	Well unfortunately, that’s not how we work. Now, we put you in touch with Eastern Europeans. If you stay patient, we’ll supply a new client.

Det. Brookes	Yeah. Well that’s the trouble with patience, isn’t it? You can’t cash it in at the bank. You know I played this just the way you wanted it. And it netted me absolutely nothing. So the way I see it, it’s down to you to cover my losses.

The Executive	Cover your losses? Brookes, have you ever heard the story of the magic vase, the story of the genie in the bottle? 

The Executive	In the most tellings, the genie grants three wishes and only three wishes. And then ‘poof’, she vanishes. In the Chinese version, however, the genie sticks around. She warns people of the limit of the three wishes. But people, people being people, they just can’t help themselves. They always go for that fourth wish.

The Executive	Except, the fourth wish… is greed. It undoes all the other wishes. And the wisher goes straight to hell.

The Executive	Greed’ll kill you.

On screen text	London

Jacob Andries	I’m sure you’ll find everything you need.

Jacob Andries	They’ll be calling any moment. They won’t give you very much time, thirty, thirty five minutes at the most. Whatever they do offer, don’t accept because the next…

Bradley	Where’s my proof?

The Executive	Do you have access to the net?

Bradley	Yeah.

Jacob Andries	Kara.

Bradley	Means nothing. This could have been recorded anytime.

The Executive	Are you reassured now, Bradley? Do we have a deal?

Bradley	Yeah. Yeah, we’ve got a deal.

The Executive	6 Monearn. 8 PM.

Bradley	No.

The Executive	No? Do you think you’re in a position to bargain?

Bradley	I am in a position to know better than to walk through door you’re holding open for me. 

The Executive	Then what do you suggest?

Bradley	An alternative.

The Executive	And you expect me to walk through a door that you are holding open?

Bradley	Half way. You know where I am, I know where you are. So half way between the two. 	

The Executive	That’s acceptable.

Bradley	22 Bethlin. 

The Executive	Very well. Half an hour.

Jacob Andries	Alright. You get ready and I’ll meet you outside.

Jacob Andries	Okay Bradley, we’re breaking off now. Assuming back up position.

Bradley	Copy that.

Jacob Andries	Good luck.

The Executive	So… we’re all here. Bradley, it’s nothing personal. But let’s keep this professional and everyone walks out of here. Fuck with me and it doesn’t just end with you. We’ll see you soon Bradley.

The Executive	As you can see, I kept my side of the bargain. 

Bradley	Where are the girls?

The Executive	They were getting a little out of the hand. They’re out at the back. I’m curious, how do you intend to do this?

Bradley	Very simple. All you got to do is walk over here and take this out of my hand. 

The Executive	Oh man.

Jacob Andries	Bradley, what’s going on?

The Executive	I think not Bradley we played our little game. But now the final whistle’s blown, you have lost. So I claim my prize. The stick.

Bradley	Like I told you, you just got to walk over here and take it.

The Executive	I’m afraid I’ve never been a very good sportsman. Give it to me. 

Bradley	Why the girl? In London. 

The Executive	Bad luck. House sweep neutralise occupants. You know the drill? If you’ve been at home instead of galloping around in your white horse, she’d still be alive. But you always were a sucker for a sob story. It wasn’t her fault you left that phone. Another mistake of yours, another person dies. 

Bradley	So you were behind all of that? The women… children… everything. 

The Executive	Oh please…again with the naive sentiment. The world is a bad place little buddy. Bad things happen. We didn’t create that playground. They spring up on their own without us. Admittedly, we find them of use. But we’re more occasional custodians than proprietors.

Bradley	Custodians?

The Executive	Yeah! These places have their uses so we use them. Just like we used you. 

Bradley	I come at a high price.

The Executive	This? Just a mere bagatelle. Nothing we can’t make up. Now, the data.

Bradley	But you can’t make up the damage it’ll do if the information on this stick gets out.


The Executive	No. But I appear to have the problem under control. 

Bradley	You wear a nice suit… eloquent speech. Just dressing on another street scum bag. Silver paint on shit.

The Executive	Sticks and stones and all that Bradley. But bullets, they hurt decisively more. Now… the data.	

Bradley	All this, for this?

The Executive	It’s a pity Bradley. You could have gone so far. You fucking idiot.

Vogel	The Executive is dead, huh? Finally caught up with his taste in suits. And that prick Bradley?

Vogel’s Associate	Gone ghost. Totally off the radar. Did this before. He doesn’t want found and he won’t be. But he doesn’t care.

Vogel’s Associate	Leave him be. And he’ll leave you be.

Vogel	Well that’s just it, I can’t leave him be. I got a dead daughter. And I’m not gonna be okay with anything not until I’m standing over that mother fucker pissing down his eye socket.

