daughter	papi, how long? 

father	only a few hours, my mouse. then we are here. 

daughter	i’m bored… hopefully we’ll be there soon.

father	now listen to it.

father	we are still over the atlantic ocean.

father	you can easily calculate

father 	 how long we need to land.

daughter 	look ma’

passanger	look but ma’n bitchen out the window and cuck

father rodriguez	which… animals you can detect in the clouds… or something.

mother mary	... and forgive us our trespasses... 

father rodriguez	chill a while, sister. 

father rodriguez	you shouldn‘t worry. 

father rodriguez	we‘re in god‘s hands. 

mother mary	oh father. i'm looking for a nervous flyer

father rodriguez	have faith, sister.

father rodriguez	i suppose they told you the story when i ... became a priest? or how i became a priest.

mother mary	well, i heard it was a miraculous conversion.

father rodriguez	hat you were one of those awful l.a. gang members.

mother mary	you’d let satan into your soul.

father rodriguez	more than that, sister.

p father rodriguez	satan had parked his car right outside the house of my soul.

father rodriguez	he’d busted the locks and was squatting his slimy self right in there.

father rodriguez	he was taking a dump in my toilet and kicking back on the couch

father rodriguez	dialing himself a pizza. 

father rodriguez	with the intention of staying for good. 

mother	satan eats pizza? 

father rodriguez	it’s a metaphor. 

father rodriguez	there i was... 

father rodriguez	locked up in my cell in pelican bay. 

father rodriguez	in satan’s grasp. 

father rodriguez	and jesus came to me. 

father rodriguez	in a bright light. 

father rodriguez	told me to be his warrior. 

father rodriguez	now i fight for jesus. 

mother mary	amen, father! amen! 

father rodriguez	and you know that’s the winning team. we’re gonna whip satan’s ass. 

mother mary 	oh, father, really. mind your words. 

father rodriguez	i apologise for the cussing. 

father rodriguez	but we will whip his ass on that judgement day. 

michael morel	hey! 

michael morel	can i get me a refill, here? 

michael morel	bah-da-bing...bah-da-bing! 

michael morel 	is the freaking bar closed, or what! 

steward 	yes, sir? 

michael morel	oh, jee... 

michael morel	i was hoping for that lovely lady, 

michael morel	who brought dinner, you know? 

michael morel	more... erm... experienced. 

michael morel	just the way i like it. 

michael morel	sterwardess uniform... 

steward	well, sir. we all have uniforms. 

michael morel	yeah, but hers fit just right, just the way i like it, if you know what i mean. 

michael morel	i guess not. 

stewardess	what can i get you, sir? 

michael morel	well... 

michael morel	if you could get tinkerbell give me a refill 

michael morel	or he flitters his way back up the top of that christmas tree. 

stewardess 	ok. 

stewardess	one more. 

stewardess 	and then perhaps we should think about getting some sleep? 

stewardess 	i‘ve heard it all before, sir. 

michael morel/stewardess	how about if we... - mmm! 

michael morel / stewardess 	what if i ... - i‘ve heard that before, too. 

stewardess 	now... 

stewardess jasmin	you drink your drink, 

stewardess 	and be a nice, quiet little frequent flyer, 

stewardess 	or i’ll have to spank your bottom and throw you outside to play with the naughty boys. 

stewardess 	and it’s minus thirty outside today. 

stewardess 	okay? 

michael morel	yeah, she likes me. 

smithee	there’s something on the radar. 

daughter	papa, i saw a shark. between the clouds.

father	that is great. 

daughter	no, a real shark! there!

father	how can this be, jordine? 

father	how can a shark fly? this is but a sea resident.

smithee	wait! 

smithee	several readings. 

smithee	closing! 

father rodriguez	holy shit! 

father rodriguez	look into the light, spawn of satan! 

news reporter 	we interrupt our program for an important message. 

news reporter	news just came in that flight nhl  

news reporter	crashed on its way from vancouver to frankfurt near iceland. 

news reporter	we currently have no further information, 

news reporter	but air traffic control emphasizes that a terrorist act cannot be ruled out. 

news reporter	this was jason konrad live from the a.t.n.t. ... 

female voice	 age 

female voice	 injection unit mm 

female voice	adaptedkb 

female voice	based on the analysis of // 

female voice	the structuring of the existing dna sequence has been reconciled with the cell decay. 

female voice	 the substance is absorbed for another two months. 

female voice	physical conditionage  

female voice	 dna match. 

female voice 	access grantedangelique richter. welcome. 

klaus richter 	see this? 

female voice 	...plane recorded video footage from passenger seat  

angelique richter	yeah. 

angelique richter	it‘s bad.

angelique richter	could be a whole bunch of things. 

angelique richter	pilot error. terrorists... 

angelique richter	but this is why the civil aviation authority will take care of it, and not our division. 

captain	recording from case 

captain	presentcpt brent tyler and dr. rachel milner. 

captain	we took the lead  hours ago. 

captain	plane crash occured in prior investigation between greenland and iceland. 

captain	flight nhl ... 

captain	was on its way from vancouver to frankfurt.
 
captain	with a stopover in iceland. 

captain	the doc... 

captain	the documents reveal that  passengers and seven crew were on board

captain	flight nhl  disappeared nineteen-zero-two from the radar. 

captain	the immediately initiated search of the icelandic authorities was inconclusive. 

captain	eight bodies have been found so far. 

captain	once we know more, i‘ll report back. 

angelique richter	you think this and the plane attack are linked? 

klaus richter	now i know it. 

angelique richter	you sent her to the arctic? 

angelique richter	she’ll be pissed. she hates the cold. 

klaus richter	let’s hope your sister gets there in time. 

weber	...only a few kilometers from here. 

weber	our research team is already at the site. 

weber	they are currently scanning the object. 

weber	we’ve been busy tracking the retreat of the glacier 

weber	since the effects of global warming have certainly accelerated the thawing process. 

diabla	right now, i wish it would get warmer. 

weber	look at the size of that thing. 

diabla	this craft looks like some kind of warship. 

diabla	but i‘ve never seen a design like this. 

weber	me neither. 

weber	that’s why i called richter in. 

weber	that‘s why we‘ve got an advance party in there. 

diabla	we don’t know what the hell is in there. 

weber	this is our finest team. 

weber	highly motivated. 

weber	their dedication is faultless. 

weber	i know they can handle this. 

weber	you see more details from the helmet‘s cam. it‘s a live feed. 

weber	that‘s maynard‘s camera. 

diabla	fuck! 

diabla	we need to get her out of there. 

diabla	get help. 

diabla	get! help! 

female voice	live feed from london 

female voice 	connected todiabla richter 

weber	dr. richter! 

weber	richter! 

weber	we need help. 

weber	send help now. 

weber	that... that seems... 

diabla	they captured one of the scientists. 

diabla	it‘s her camera’s signal we’re watching. 

klaus richter	no. 

klaus richter	it’s too late. you can’t save her! 

klaus richter	just get the hell out of there! 

diabla	she might be alive. 

diabla	oh my god! 

diabla	cabin of dr. kammler 

diabla	did you see all that? 

klaus richter	yes. 

klaus richter	my past is finally catching up with me. 

klaus richter	but... you have to get out of there now! 

diabla	i‘m trying. 

klaus richter	why does she never listen to me. 

angelique richter	what‘s happening there? 

klaus richter	this is worse than i feared... 

female voice 	a nation built on the foundations of freedom. 

female voice 	no country in the world is stronger, 

female voice 	more powerful and greater than the united states of america. 

female voice 	we bring prosperity and peace. 

female voice 	richter technology shakes hands with the weak. 

female voice 	we protect those who cannot protect themselves. 

female voice 	a population without hunger,  

female voice 	a planet without fear. 

female voice 	with this knowledge richter technology shapes the future, 

female voice 	because we have an obligation to our children. 

female voice	with state-of-the-art science, 

female voice 	moral responsibility and human values, 

female voice 	richter technology faces the challenges of tomorrow. 

female voice 	so that your world becomes a better world. 

female voice 	we are richter technology. 

female voice 	and our future is today. 

female voice 	medical department 

angelique richter	hey big sis. 

diabla	hi. 

angelique richter	never do this again, please. 

angelique richter	i really worried this time. 

diabla	dad! 

diabla	i‘ve never seen anything like this before. 

diabla	did you forget to tell us that you might know something? 

angelique richter	don’t tell me... 

klaus richter	come on, diabla has to rest. 

diabla	how did i get here? 

klaus richter	our rescue team saved your life. 

female voice	injection unit mm adaptedkb 

female voice	based on the analysis of // 

female voice	the structuring of the existing dna sequence has been reconciled with the cell decay. 

klaus richter 	please have a seat. 

diabla	thanks. 

diabla	takahashi sushi. 

diabla	mom’s favorite food. 

klaus richter	from the east village. 

diabla	let us talk about something else. 

angelique richter	yes. 

angelique richter	let’s talk about your past, dad! 

klaus richter	that‘s all. thank you. 

klaus richter	project ‘himmelsfaust’ was the brainchild of the brilliant nazi scientist dr.hans kammler. 

klaus richter	pioneer of genetic mutation surgery. 

klaus richter	by , the nazis were desperate for effective ‘super weapons’. 

klaus richter	and kammler thought he had them in spades. 

hans kammler	is it now, martha? 

martha	yes, mr, general major. now.

hans kammler	dear
 
hans kammler	mr. ss reichsführer heinrch himmler. 

hans kammler	as party mate

hans kammler	i allow myself

hans kammler	 results to you 

hans kammler	following report 

hans kammler	on the special project s 

hans kammler	lecture. 

male voice	i wanted my soldiers with that moving closer, 

male voice	and i want you in this site, 

male voice	as much as possible... 

hans kammler	our engineers

hans kammler	could already 

hans kammler	first successful

hans kammler	anti gravitation tests.

martha	anti gravitation tests? or test?

hans kammler	tests. 

hans kammler	we need to begin again. 

hans kammler	because we have forget the secret bell project.

rainer wein	mr. kammler. 

rainer wein	your visit is here.

 hans kammler	should wait shortly.

 rainer wein	yes.

han kammler	mr. reichsmarschall.  

rainer wein	please have a little patience. mr. kammler has time for you. 

goering	yes that is outrageous. 

assistant 	hermann? 

goering	my dear kammler.

goering	you must help me.

hans kammler	good evening, dear hermann. 

hans hammler	brandy?

goering	double! 

goering	listen to me, dear kammler. 

goering	my entire squadron of planes has been commandeered by these british wannabe pilots. 

goering	in a cowardly and dishonourable ambush completely wiped out. 

goering	now i look like a complete fool, 

goering	who doesn’t know where he belongs 

goering	tell me you have a solution for my problem.

goering	on the final victory.

hans kammler	my team has been researching alongside the dynamic aviation program for quite some time

hans kammler	on a...

hans kammler	genetically engineered serum called kb.

goering	but i know that. i know all that.

goering	so what can this kc do?

hans kammler	kb.

hans kammler	hermann.

assistant 	hermann. the shell?

hans kammler	i think, dear hermann,

hans kammler	that this project,

hans kammler	which i now intend to show you,

hans kammler	is able to turn the page.

hans kammler	it will allow the rich

hans kammler	to regain control of the skies.

goering	what a bold claim, collector.

goering	i'm all ears

goering	they impress me.

hans kammler	i present

hans kammler	project celestial fist.

male voice 	this is the call to the german people.

male voice 	everyone has his task clearly before eyes.

male voice 	every national comrade is aware of the seriousness and the overall situation

male voice	our beloved kingdom conscious.

male voice 	millions of loyal comrades have died heroic deaths for our fatherland

male voice 	to fight against the forces of the enemy. 

male voice 	the superiority of our enemies we stood until today only with courage, honor

male voice 	and determination towards...

male voice 	but there is hope.

male voice	thanks to german engineering and the genius dr. hans kammler was able to develop the 

male vocie 	weapon of retaliation kb to be developed. 

male voice 	under dr. doctor richter.

male voice 	 now the war material is ready to face the enemy. 

male voice 	the serum works in men regenerating, tissue building and

male voice 	makes our brave soldiers indestructible.

male voice 	the research that has not yet been fully completed suggests that

male voice 	that kb could prolong the life of a healthy human being.

male voice 	the thousand-year-old empire could exist forever under his leadership.

male voice 	 the warfare agent used on women,

male voice 	 leads to zombiefication of the female cell structure.

male voice 	the external changes and the aggressive behaviour seem strange, 

male voice 	och dr. kammler sees quite desirable, positive effects.

male voice 	women become stronger, more persistent and more decisive.

male voice 	so the national fill up the rows on our front. 

male voice 	kb, created in our labs

male voice 	 has finally completed the test phase

male voice 	and is now ready, to begin his triumphant progress.

male voice 	over the battlefields in the east,

male voice 	 the dusty deserts of africa and breakaway nations

male voice 	the flag of victory will soon be waved.

male voice 	kb will finally turn the tide of fate in our favor.

male voice 	 through the tactical deployment of planes

male voice 	and sprayed as gas, are made from our dead soldiers

male voice 	millions of undead super soldiers.

male voice 	like the phoenix from the ashes, they will rise from their fields of death

male voice 	to serve their german homeland reborn.

male voice 	through kb the dead heroes of our nation become the protectors of a new era

male voice 	 carried by the call of patriotism,

male voice 	is the predestination of the final victory.

male voice 	 indestructible and unstoppable will rise one division after another,

male voice 	to march in ranks to the armory factories.

male voice 	every one of them will board his plane

male voice 	the reichsflughaie.

male voice 	these marvels of the art of construction

male voice 	are in league with the super soldier

male voice 	the ultimate weapons of retribution.

male voice 	 supplied with jet engines, machine guns and the

male voice 	 aeronautical concept of the shark

male voice 	 climb up the sky, 

male voice 	united by the iron will to prevail.

male voice 	this is the order of the day.

male voice 	soldier, get up and break wind!

male voice 	victory!

goering	prepare a presentation for the leader

goering	i guarantee he will be satisfied.

goering	thank you, collector.

goering	i am in your debt.

goering	maybe we should go hunting together sometime

goering	i just got back from brunswick

goering	a charming little hunting lodge.

hans kammler	as far as my research allows, i'll be happy to come back to it.

hans kammler	hai hitler.

goering	hai hitler.

klaus richter	the himmelsfaust was the central facility.

klaus richter	it belonged to the ss parachute battalion . 

klaus richter	thus it was... 

klaus richter	directly supervised by goering himself! 

klaus richter	that was exactly the crux of the matter. 

klaus richter	after the stalingrad fiasko and in the following months, 

klaus richter	goering realized that their -year reich 

klaus richter	would not even turn ten years old. 

klaus richter	but he saw the potential behind kammler’s idea. 

klaus richter	so we got everything we wanted! and we took our chances. 

klaus richter	the horten brothers built the engine.

klaus richter	henkel took care of the steering column construction. 

klaus richter	and the doctor and i synthesized kb. 

angelique richter	how could you? 

angelique richter	you have played god. 

klaus richter	 no. 

klaus richter	we did not play god. 

klaus richter	we were gods. 

klaus richter	how do you think i got this position? 

klaus richter	and who do you think?you worked for the last  years? 

diabla	let me summarize

diabla	once these predators are in the air, 

diabla	nothing and no one is safe. 

diabla	and they can play invisible! 

diabla	that‘s a disaster. 

diabla	so that’s what’s in those water tanks at the himmelsfaust?
 
diabla	genetically mutated flying nazi sharks? 

klaus richter	the sky sharks are much more?than just genetically manipulated animals. 

klaus richter	they are perfect weapon systems.

klaus richter	they‘re lurking in the clouds, 

klaus richter	watching and preying mercilessly. 

klaus richter	there‘s  hunting sharks model rfh . 

klaus richter	more couldn’t spawn. 

klaus richter	but believe me

klaus richter	of them are enough to destroy whole cities.

male voice over radio	after the heavy attacks on the capital of the reich, i had

male voice over radio	declared in berlin, november /, the hour would come,

male voice over radio	which we will then pay back.

male voice over radio	the english press called me on the other day the most massive attack,

male voice over radio	the scornful question raised if the new weapon?

male voice over radio	for example, being dropped in the ministry of propaganda instead of the ministry of armaments. 

klaus richter	secure!

klaus richter	you do not understand the situation!

klaus richter	jesus, the russians will be here soon!

klaus richter	we must fight!

hans kammler	we will not.

hans kammler	we'll take your kb, and then

hans kammler	we'll be heading for the last available spot towards agentina.

klaus richter	that's betrayed!

hans kammler	look around you, klaus.

hans kammler	this is the past

hans kammler	the celestial fist has disappeared.

hans kammler	the eperiment has failed.

klaus richter	we're not running away! i won't let you! i will not let that happen!

hans kammler	klaus!

klaus richter	we are not going to run away! i will not accept that!

hans kammler	for the german fatherland!

diabla	but you came to the west after the war

diabla	an worked for the military here.

diabla	how is that possible?

klaus richter	i owe it to paperclip!

diabla	paperclip?

angelique richter	you were one of the paperclip boys?

diabla 	what is paperclip?

angelique richter	project paperclip originated from operation overcast.

angelique richter	we tried to acquire the best scientists of the german army's research institute

angelique richter	behind the back of our allies.

angelique richter	jet propulsion and rocket engineering... 

angelique richter	stealth technology... 

angelique richter	we found ourselves in the world’s biggest toy store. 

angelique richter	and under no circumstances did our forces want to share it with the russians. 

angelique richter	so we snatched conspicuous nazi scientists and made them our paperclipboys. 

angelique richter	overnight wernher von braun became america’s greatest rocket scientist 

angelique richter	without anyone ever asking any questions about his past. 

klaus richter	i told them all i knew. 

klaus richter	they found it hard to believe at first. 

klaus richter	the scope of the ‘himmelsfaust’ project. 

klaus richter	i told them i’d lead them to kammler

klaus richter	then they’d have all the evidence they needed. 

klaus richter	i’ve had enough of kammler’s special brand of madness. 

klaus richter	he was going to drag us all down with him. 

klaus richter	i’d signed up to build a stronger germany. 

klaus richter	not destroy it. 

klaus richter	i really want to start all over. 

klaus richter	but you have to trust me! 

us interrogation officer	give us a reason why we should. 

klaus richter	because only i can save the world. 

kluas richter	but more than a  of us came to the us. 

diabla	and you just switched side just like that?

klaus richter	all is fair in love and war. 

angelique richter	and then... 

angelique richter	you just stopped, founded a family and... 

angelique richter	played mr. nice guy? 

diabla	how are we supposed to ever trust you again? 

diabla	after you lied to us all these years? 

natalie rochefort	hello, this is natalie rochefort from mtp news. 

natalie rochefort	we‘ve gotten word from several terrorist attacks taking place throughout europe. 

news reporter	it seems london is under attack. 

news reporter	several... sky sharks! 

news reporter	oh my god! 

news reporter	they‘re tearing people apart!

clara	this is clara from de lubb right for you before the reichstag.

female report 	wh...?

female reporter 	what is that?

female reporter 	matzo! did you?

female reporter 	you won't believe what this...

female reporter 	matzo? did you? what...

female reporter 	that's... that is...

diabla	what have you done? 

angelique richter	how much time do we have? 

klaus richter	a week max. 

klaus richter	i’ll call a nsc war council meeting. 

klaus richter	time to strike back. 

female voice	security level . 

female voice 	authorisation granted.

klaus richter	angelique, i need you to get me the head of german intelligence. 

klaus richter 	and see... if you can reach our french friend colbert. 

klaus richter	and we need the... the?japanese shark expert, dr. katsube.

klaus richter	but we can‘t do without that weird cia guy martin keele. 

klaus richter	he might be in venezuela for all i know, 

klaus richter	but... we need... oh... 

klaus richter	that fucking arrogant guy from london. 

klaus richter ?	whatever his name is. 

klaus richter	and my friend frost of course. 

major general frost	sorry. i‘m a little late. 

major general frost	gentlemen. 

major general frost	ladies. 

major general frost	hello, klaus. 

major general frost	how are things? 

klaus richter	not bad, mitch, not bad. 

klaus richter	how‘s marjorie? 

major general frost	oh fine.

major general frost	you know she still makes the worst corn bread ever. 

klaus richter	my research indicated that?the himmelfaust project was destroyed. 

klaus richter	program neutralized. 

klaus richter	but i was wrong. 

klaus richter	what, i‘m sad to say, i helped to create  years ago, has been dormant. 

klaus richter	waiting for the opportunity to strike.
 
martin keele	well, no use crying over spilt milk, dr. richter. 

martin keele	that is, if you can call  airline passengers chopped up like beef jerky 

martin keele	in a span of  hours ‘spilt ’.

angelique richter	the reality is,?we have to destroy these abominations. 

angelique richter	or no aircraft in the air is safe. 

marjorie phelps	gentlemen! 

marjorie phelps	dr. richter! 

marjorie phelps	these are sharks? 

marjorie phelps	but they can fly, you say? 

angelique richter	yes. 

angelique richter	they’ve been frozen in the ice of the arctic. 

angelique richter	look, this is a clear and present threat, senator. 

pierre colbert	we have an elite commando in the french air force. 

pierre colbert	we will make them available. 

pierre colbert	i will arrange it. 

martin keele	yeah? 

martin keele	we happen to have one or two good pilots in the us ai force oo, my friend.

pierre colbert	pah! your top guns? 

 pierre colbert	our french elite can out fly them! 

martin keele	yeah? 

pierre colbert	don‘t forget.

martin keele	if you ever want to get in a pissing contest, anytime, colbert! 

martin keele	i can send a couple of my carriers down the river seine 

martin keele	and blow some wind up your skirt, my french friend. 

angelique richter	but if the sky sharks can re-establish their breeding program 

angelique richter	who knows how many of?these things could be unleashed. 

martin keele	there’s more of these things in the pipeline? 

marjorie phelps	they have a breeding program? 

martin keele	so how many of these things are there? a squadron? a flock? or what? 

klaus richter	it‘s inevitable.

klaus richter	this is how the project was conceived. 

klaus richter	world domination!

martin keele	you sure did a great job?when you cooked up this one, dr. richter. 

martin keele	jesus, talk about a ticking time bomb. 

martin keele	it’s like a god-damned nazi reunion tour. 

martin keele	‘well, you missed us in ? guess what? we’re back!’ 

klaus richter	believe me, 

klaus richter	no one regrets this more than me. 

klaus richter	if they mutate, 

klaus richter 	which they most likely will, 

klaus richter	they won‘t be as easy to hunt as regular sharks. 

klaus richter	dr. katsube has studied the data. 

klaus richter 	she thinks there could be a solution. 

fumiko katsube/interpreter	yes. from the initial data,?it seems the sky sharks have developed 

fumiko katsube/interpreter	a form of genetic stealth camouflage. 

godfrey graves	what! 

major general frost	it‘s that... if you can‘t see the target,

major general frost	doesn‘t matter?how many missiles you have. 

klaus richter	their cloaking defences will make this difficult. 

marjorie phelps	exactly. more research. 

marjorie phelps	i feel we should appoint a subcommittee to report on this evidence. 

fumiko katsube/interpreter	by inverting the natural sonar sensing glands in the sky shark’s skin, 

fumiko katsube/interpreter	they‘re able to deflect standard radar pulses. 

klaus richter	the sky shark’s sonar impulses can?be disrupted with a counter sonar signal. 

klaus richter	this will render the sky shark’s invisibility cloak defective. 

godfrey graves	do we have equipment to do this? 

angelique richter	if we can get a military transport close enough with a device 

angelique richter	that emits a sonar pulse 

angelique richter	then we have a shot.

godfrey graves	the uk needs to take a leading role in this action. 

marjorie phelps	military action is not cheap. 

marjorie phelps	we have to consider the federal budget. 

major general frost	the time for talk and bullshit is over! 

marjorie phelps	we will have to get the president and congress to approve this. 

major general frost	we have to get all civilian traffic out of the sky. 

major general frost	we need to create a no-fly-zone, 

major general frost	put the skies under martial law 

major general frost	it‘s the only way that we can be safe. 

major general frost	make sure it‘s implemented. dr. richter! 

martin keele	senator, richter’s team are right. we have to strike fast.

major general frost 	you got your orders ratified! 

major general frost	get to work! 

major general frost	hit these freaks with our sonar! 

major general frost	and then our fighters can blow them apart! 

major general frost	i wanna see them dropping to the ground like hooker’s panties at mardi gras! 

martin keele	what he’s saying is fuck congress, fuck the president. let‘s just do it. 

martin keele	man, i love living in a democracy. 

harold everton	hello. this is harold everton from ny city news with a special report. 

harold everton	i‘m in front of the new york financial headquarters right now. 

harold everton	the world wide no fly zone is a disaster. 

harold everton	our economy is on the brink of collapse.

harold everton	and wall street has not opened today. 

harold everton	is this another friday the th? 

harold everton	can the government really keep us here in the country? 

harold everton 	it appears so. 

harold everton	all flights are cancelled - why? 

harold everton	and nobody can leave america. 

harold everton	what‘s going on? 

harold everton	why are they holding us here? 

harold everton	how long will this continue? and are we under martial law? 

harold everton	the president needs to give us answers. please god help us! 

harold everton	and save our great country. 

harold everton	i‘m harold everton in ny city signing out.

harold everton	back to the studio.
 
plane passenger	kai. 

plane passenger	please stop playing with this stupid ball, for god‘s sake. 

vanessa chaldecott/reporter	where do these flying sharks come from? who are these strange men riding them? 

vanessa chaldecott/reporter	but most of all, what is their goa...? 

klaus richter	hello, tyler. 

klaus richter	we have the sonar impulse ready. 

tyler 	yes, we did it. 

klaus richter	you will now receive a suitcase with the antidote. 

klaus richter	and you know what to do with it. 

tracy	now the eiffel tower is gone, too! 

tracy	i just want to get out of here. damn shit. 

air marshall tony benett	i’m quite with you. 

air marshall tony benett	for  days i’ve been crouching here, 

air marshall tony benett	witnessing how europe is transformed into something uglier than it’s been already. 

air marshall tony benett	this no-fly-zone has to be lifted.

air marshall tony benett	then off, across the pond, and welcome back usa. 

tracy	what happens when they attack us? 

air marshall tony benett	i‘m the best air marshal between paris and new york. 

air marshall tony benett	no flying fish stands between me and my passengers. 

angelique	never thought i’d go hunting sharks in a plane. 

angelique	you okay? 

diabla	yeah. i’m fine. 

angelique	you sick or something? 

angelique	we can get one of tyler’s medics to give you a shot. 

diabla	no!

diabla	no. i’ll be fine. it’s just some stupid flu bug. 

angelique	[okay...] 

angelique	if you say so. 

angelique 	let’s go. 

tyler	i never thought i would see you again. 

tyler	after the mess you left for me. 

tyler	you must be angelique. 

tracy	hey. hey. 

air marshall tony benett	what? 

tracy	look at this. 

air marshall tony benett	what...? 

tracy	our flight is cleared. 

air marshall tony benett	what? where? 

tracy	there.

air marshall tony benett	you‘re right. 

male voice 	when energy becomes a weapon... 

male voice	when the last remaining oil reserves rest in the hands of fanatics...

male voice	if our idea of freedom is threatened, 

male voice	we must act! 

male voice	war and terrorism?must never be tolerated again. 

male voice	setting out your challenge! 

male voice	fighting at the dead flesh forces. 

male voice	whoever occupies foreign countries nowadays no longer needs to be ashamed. 

male voice	on today‘s battlefields no one has to die. 

male voice	your avatar, your willingness to trade 

male voice	and our knowledge?ensures the safety of your family. 

male voice	our sword of justice.

male voice	we stand between good and evil. 

male voice	where injustice becomes law, resistance becomes a duty. 

male voice	we are richter technology.

male voice	and our future is today. 

female voice 	this is the final call for ny . 

female voice 	boarding is already in progress at gate . 

female voice 	i repeatall passenger for flight ny  

female voice 	from nice to new york are requested to immediately proceed to gate . 

air marshall tony benett	all right. 

air marshall tony benett	strange. 

air marshall tony benett	my office tells me that all americans are allowed to fly out. 

air marshall tony benett	but i only see our small group. 

tracy?	i couldn’t care less. 

tracy	the important thing is i am getting out.  ‘stealth mode‘

major general frost	green light!

major general frost	launch the attack on that nazi carrier! 

female military plane captain 	here‘s your captain speaking. 

female military plane captain	the vessel will arrive in a bit. 

female military plane captain	eta . 

female military plane captain	, expect some turbulences. 

female military plane captain	switch your body cameras on. 

stewardess mary	oh jasmine. 

stewardess mary 	i don‘t know why you bother. 

stewardess mary	you‘re pretty enough for that mess out there. 

stewardess jasmin	it‘s a part of our job.

stewardess mary	you’ll learn.

plane passenger 	this stupid plane is going really slow.

plane passenger 	can‘t you tell that pilot of yours 

plane passenger 	to speed it up a bit? 

plane passenger 	i really gotta be somewhere. 

stewardess mary	don‘t we all? 

stewardess mary	you know what? 

stewardess mary	why don‘t i ask the captain 

stewardess mary	if we can throw out some of the more pesky passengers from economy class. 

stewardess mary	i did see some fatties back there. 

stewardess mary	oh, you might wanna spare the kids. what do you think? 

plane passenger 	this will have consequences. 

stewardess mary	okay.

plane passenger 	what kind of game is this?

plane passenger	let me see.

kid	this is the coolest game in the world. 

plane passenger	does the female lead at least get clothes when you reach the next level? 

passenger plane captain	ladies and gentlemen. 

passenger plane captain	this is your captain speaking with a short status update. 

passenger plane captain	we have just passed faröer islands 

passenger plane captain	and will be committed to the care of american air monitoring in about an hour. 

passenger plane captain	in another  / hours?we will be landing at jfk airport. 

passenger plane captain	 now enjoy your flight. 

air marshall tony benett	what did you expect? 

air marshall tony benett	they just visited europe.

tracy	they should be happy we could leave it behind. 

air marshall tony benett	you‘re damn right. 

air marshall tony benett	you all right? 

tracy	some headache. 

plane passenger 	guys! 

plane passenger 	there‘s fucking something outside the plane! 

plane passenger/group	what! 

stewardess mary	everybody calm down! 

stewardess mary	i‘ll be right back! 

co pilot	fuck. 

female military plane captain	we‘re approaching object in  sec. 

tyler	multiple readings. 

female computer voice	approaching target. 

angelique richter	prepare the pulse device! 

female computer voice	get ready for pulse device. 

solider	i‘m ready to shoot. 

tyler/team	get ready, boys! - yeah! 

angelique richter	do it. 

tyler	fire pulse! 

female military plane captain	thank you. we made it. 

angelique richter	they’re genetically mutating to defend themselves! 

tyler	shit! 

tyler	ok... 

tyler	your father had a premonition that something like this might happen. 

tyler	he gave me this. 

tyler	the kb connects all together. 

tyler	this is the antidote that keeps your sister from falling pray to evil. 

tyler	if she turns, you give her a fucking shot. 
 
angelique richter	hi dad.

angelique richter	we‘re in a pretty bad situation in here. 

klaus richter	what’s going to happen here tonight, never was my intention. 

klaus richter	you have to believe me!
 
angelique richter	could it get any worse? 

angelique richter	we use innocent people as live bait. 

klaus richter	i swear, i’ll retire from everything once this is over! 

angelique richter	anyway... 

klaus richter	how is diabla? 

angelique richter	she claims it is a flu,?but we both know better. 

klaus richter	listen... 

klaus richter	there’s one thing you need to understand. 

klaus richter	everything is connected with everything. 

klaus richter	they can feel diabla’s presence, and they want her. 

angelique richter	are you out of your mind? 

angelique richter	are we really just guinea pigs to you? 

klaus richter	nonono. don’t worry. they won’t harm her. 

klaus richter	they see her as one of their own. 

klaus richter	but... 

klaus richter	just look after her, will you? 

angelique richter	is that the reason why i am here alone? 

klaus richter	no, you’re not alone. 

klaus richter	but i’m too old for the battlefield. 

klaus richter	i can be of more help from here. 

klaus richter	a us navy patrol ship sent this shot  minutes ago. 

klaus richter	the pulse didn‘t work. 

klaus richter	the sky sharks are stronger. they keep mutating to defend themselves. 

klaus richter	i believe the himmelfaust and the sky sharks may be heading here. 

klaus richter	to new york. 

major general frost	what do they want on the eastern seabord? 

major general frost	i‘ve got a daughter going to columbia college. 

major general frost	why are they coming near land? 

klaus richter	i believe they want to kill their maker. 

klaus richter	i‘m the only one who can create an antidote and reverse their programing. 

klaus richter	they must know i‘ve been working on a way to neutralize them. 

marjoire phelps	mein gott! 

marjoire phelps	they will destroy new york. 

klaus richter	this... 

klaus richter	is why... 

klaus richter	ladies and gentlemen, 

klaus richter	the only option left?is to let the genie out of the bottle. 

klaus richter	project dead flesh. 

major general frost	project dead flesh... 

major general frost	may god have mercy. 

martin keele	i thought that was just some story they told in the corporation. 

martin keele	like something for the agents to tell their kids at night to scare them. 

martin keele	so you‘re telling me there really is a project dead flesh? 

marjoire phelps	what is project dead flesh? 

klaus richter	well, it all started with the us losing in korea and vietnam. 

klaus richter	i had come over in ‘ from germany with the help of project paperclip. 

klaus richter	for a few years i was nothing but a sidekick to the us generals. 

klaus richter	but in march ’, after the massacre of my lai, i came into the picture. 

klaus richter	that’s when project dead flesh was born. 

klaus richter	all of a sudden i got all the fundings and support i asked for 

klaus richter	and nobody was asking any questions. 

klaus richter	my team and i moved the lab over to fort hammerhead at da nang border. 

klaus richter	project dead flesh was about creating the perfect soldier. 

klaus richter	resilient, indestructible and unstoppable. 

klaus richter	we called him damian. 

klaus richter	my team implanted a neuro-receiver into the brains of fallen soldiers 

klaus richter	so we could control them. 

klaus richter	microwaves in the lower beta-range allowed to send impulses from one brain to another. 

klaus richter	i wanted full control over my super-soldier. 

klaus richter	my technology had always worked in the lab, 

klaus richter	but now we had a chance to test it in the field. 

klaus richter	my special unit infected them with kb, 

klaus richter	and my team and i documented their?morphing into blood-thirsty vietcong zombies 

klaus richter	who were supposed to attack camp hammerhead. 

klaus richter	we knew the us unit would lose against charlie’s army of dead, 

klaus richter	but we had an ace up our sleeve. 

klaus richter	we flew in my super-soldier damian, 

klaus richter	a green beret trained to operate behind the enemy lines. 

klaus richter	what other called “hell” he called his “home”. 

klaus richter	he was in action from ’ to ’?until a bullet killed him in the field. 

klaus richter	his body responded to kb in an unprecedented way. 

klaus richter	the good soldiers from camp hammerhead had just come back from a regular mission

klaus richter	and did not know what was coming at them. 

klaus richter	they expected to have a quiet night and some good rest after a few drinks. 

klaus richter	damian was in sleep mode. 

klaus richter	we connected his brain?to that of my assistant, dr. greene, 

klaus richter	in order to control?his thoughts and movement. 

klaus richter	we woke damian up?and got him ready for his mission. 

klaus richter	everything exactly as planned. 

klaus richter 	open the gates. 

klaus richter	the vietcong zombies attacked camp hammerhead. 

klaus richter	all hell broke lose and dr. greene started to remote-control damian 

klaus richter	through the wire connection. 

klaus richter	everything unfolded precisely as planned.

klaus richter	it was a full success. 

klaus richter	damian was unstoppable. 

klaus richter	but there was one flaw 

klaus richter	dr. greene.

klaus richter	unfortunately the secreted adrenaline in greene’s blood circulation 

klaus richter	disturbed the transmission. 

klaus richter	first he got cramps, then he twitched. 

klaus richter	damian tore the receiver from his head and fell into an unprecedented blood lust. 

klaus richter	we lost control. 

klaus richter	he was unable to distinguish between friend and foe. 

klaus richter	the experiment failed. 

klaus richter	i stood there, could only watch, 

klaus richter	could only wait until the smoke had cleared. 

klaus richter	until the kb was broken down in damian.

klaus richter	considering it was a disaster,?still something amazing came out of it. 

klaus richter	i had finally found the error in the system 

klaus richter	you can’t break a dead person’s will!

klaus richter	somewhere between all the muscles, bones and blood 

klaus richter	every organism has its own unique energy. 

klaus richter	but now... 

klaus richter	with the help of modern nano technology,?i can overwrite the will of any given individual! 

klaus richter	this is the solution! 

major general frost	what‘s the combat status? 

klaus richter	i am kb! 

female voice	megalodon ready. 

tyler	holy shit. 

tyler	go get them, boys! 

tyler	fuck them up!

klaus richter	step one. good job everybody. 	

major general frost	yeah. that‘s what i like to see. 

major general frost	it‘s raining

major general frost	barbecued 

major general frost	fucking 

major general frost	catfish! 

major general frost	yeah! 

tyler	she shot me. 

hans leiber	don‘t act like a pussy. 

hans leiber	we‘re safe now, sir. 

female military plane captain	danger averted. every zombie dead. 

female military plane captain	we‘re safe now. 

female military plane captain	the plane is under control again. 

female military plane captain	i wish you a pleasant flight home.

female voice 	security connection desired. 

female voice	authorization granted. 

angelique richter	chardonnay or sake? 

diabla	or some spicy tuna? 

klaus richter	what? 

angelique richter	we’re ordering a sea food pizza. we’re gonna be at your place in two hours. 

klaus richter	what ever you prefer, is fine with me. 

diabla	are you okay? 

klaus richter	i‘m fine. 

klaus richter	just get here, will you! 

angelique richter	ready to talk about your retirement plans? 

klaus richter	later. 

diabla	what the fuck is wrong with him? 

angelique richter	maybe he’s just getting old! 

heidi lönz 	warriors of new germania!

heidi lönz	the world will fall!

heidi lönz	everything is prepared for a new beginning!

heidi lönz	shall the world tremble

heidi lönz	under the banner of the fourth reich!

male narrator voice	rated q 

male narrator voice	marctropolis presents 

male narrator voice	a fuse box films presentation 

male narrator voice	a devastating nuclear holocaust! 

male narrator voice	% of the human race... 

male narrator voice	wiped off the face of the earth 

male narrator voice	a spectacular looking, blonde special agent 

male narrator voice	uoh... groovy 

male narrator voice	with special skills

male narrator voice	special pants 

male narrator voice	special suit 

male narrator voice	special boobs 

male narrator voice	ahm.. boots 

male narrator voice	the survial of mankind lies in her two... 

male narrator voice 	... hands 

male narrator voice	sent into space to save the world 

male narrator voice	a female super agent from the future 

male narrator voice	stranded on a planet far away from all known galaxies 

male narrator voice	lost in time 

male narrator voice	stuck on a strange planet 

male narrator voice	a busty beauty with no clothes and... 

male narrator voice	suddenly... black hair

male narrator voice	first she has to learn how to survive 

male narrator voice	unforeseen dangers 

male narrator voice	wild nature 

male narrator voice	a naked busty amazon beauty 

male narrator voice	this film has it all 

male narrator voice	see breasts 

male narrator voice	see monster frogs 

male narrator voice	see more breasts 

male narrator voice	action like you‘ve never seen before 

male narrator voice	...before 

male narrator voice	...before 

male narrator voice	see naked fighting 

male narrator voice	you won‘t believe anything anymore anyhow 

male narrator voice	until you‘ve seen

male narrator voice	mtp games brings the hottest bit videogames to your home i.and now in stereo

male narrator voice	mtp 

male narrator voice	the new generation in videogames
