(THE SCROLL OF WING CHUN WHITE CRANE)






Narrator	Fang Chi Liang was the founder of Fujian White Crane style martial art in mid-17th century.	 Its principle was original from shaolin,	 but physically developed into Wing Chun style. Focus on your internal flow and keep your hands near to your energy center (abdomen).	Regular your breath softly, allow your body naturally move up and down.	 Collect your power on your low, keep the strength on your foot and kick at enemy's weakness part. Open your arms. Restore your energy	through rotating your shoulders like a white crane.	 When your enemy step back, you shall take this advantage to attack.	 Attack their sex organ more than one time, which is the weakness part of human body.	 People always dream about to become Buddha, but only few ever success in the history. No one can understand the anicent Chinese philosophy of	 there's nothing, no self, no boundaries and no end in the world.
	
Fan	Hey, Young. I'm back
	
Young 	Oh, why didn’t you tell me Where are you now ? Need me to come get you
	
Fan	It’s alright, the council has arranged a hotel room for me Besides, Wing Chun is my hometown	 it’s not like I don’t know my way around Oh right I am going to meet up with Jerry now	

Young 	Jerry He’s back too
	
Fan	Yup He came back to attend the festival with me	

Young 	That twerp, always up to something what's going on
	
Fan	I guess he wanted to give you a surprise
	
Young 	Forget about it	 who knows what chaos he might bring
	
Fan	I agree! Well then	 I’ll see you tonight	

Young 	OK Call me if you need anything	

Fan	Okay
	
Young 	I’m here anytime	

Fan	Talk to you in person, bye	

Young	Rose, Rose, you are so sweet and charming Rose, Rose, you are so garish and beautiful	 Spring and summer are full on the branches Rose, Rose, I love you	

Jerry	Hey	 How could you let a hot guy like me wait so long Can you even forgive yourself	

Fan	You called me while I was getting off the plane I had to get my luggage first then come here	

Jerry	Sure
	
Fan	I haven’t even seen Young or my sister yet you’re the first That’s not enough for a friend	

Jerry	Sure
	
Fan	Sure am thirsty
	
Jerry	Here
	
Fan	Ah, my favorite
	
Jerry	“Brother,” right	 That’s what bros are for So Young knows you are back too
	
Fan	We just hung up	 I told him that you’re back too
	
Jerry	Come on! You broke my cover	

Fan	What cover	 This isn’t our first time attending the festival This year grandfather	 asked me to return the Wing Chun scroll to the council It belonged to Fang Qi Niang
	
Jerry	Fang Qi Niang	 The creator of the Wing Chun White Crane system
	
Fan	Yes
	
Jerry	This scroll is at least 400 years old Priceless Your grandpa hasn’t come back from Taiwan for so long
	
Fan	how is he doing He’s doing well still training White Crane fist every morning at the park	 You’ve been in Hong Kong for a while yourself	

Jerry	Don’t mention it, Hong Kong’s busy Premium rush delivery is a fortune these days	 I had to cut a few strings to get back So your sister knows you’re here as well
	
Fan	Yes, I had called her	

Jerry	Ah, come on	 I’m supposed to surprise her	

Fan	Her phone is off. Probably teaching her class I’ll call again later	

Jerry	Wow, the four of us should have a great time together	

Robbers/gangsters	Catch it Go  go  go
	
Bodybuilder	Hey what’s going on
	
Robbers/gangsters	Give her to me up
	
Bodybuilder	Picking on girls, eh	

Robbers/gangsters	Let’s get out of here	

Bodybuilder	You all right
	
Jerry	I  you
	
Bodybuilder	Get out of the way
	
Jerry	But Ah
	
Bodybuilder	It hurts
	
Xing	Be careful ! slowly	

Jerry	I guess you're not just a White Crane artist you’re quite the runner You'd be good for business
	
Fan	What
	
Jerry	Premium rush delivery	

Fan	I was calling for help	

Jerry	really	

Fan	You’d be good for business as well	

Jerry	what business	

Fan	Cleaning
	
Jerry	that works
	
Xing	Quickly, everyone.  Let’s go Careful, careful, careful! Don’t climb up from there Hey, Fan
	
Fan	What are you doing
	
Xing	I am in class, and you
	
Fan	I just arrived to Wing Chun
	
Xing	Oh you’re back already	

Fan	Why don’t you get some rest first and I'll come find you later tonight
	
Xing	It’s fine
	
Fan	the council already booked me a room
	
Xing	Oh ! So you’re not staying at home
	
Fan	There’s something I need to do Might take a couple days I’ll tell you about it later	

Xing	Oh So Young knows you’re back too
	
Fan	He knows, I already called him
	
Xing	Oh I see. So you call him before me, eh
	
Fan	I called. Your phone was off	

Xing	Oh ! I was in class	 it’s almost over
	
Fan	It’s okay ,we can talk another time
	
Xing	Okay, then I’ll see you tonight	 Alright, Fan. Bye bye
	
Fan	Alright bye
	
Xing	Young Young Look at the time Didn’t you say you were meeting with Bozzy today We should be going
	
Young 	Yes OK  OK  OK
	
Xing	Hurry Up
	
Young 	Alright Come on Go Go	 Come on
	
Audience behind	Wow, they’re great
	
Young 	Come on
	
Audience behind	They’re over here	 Yea! Whoohoo
	
Young 	Hey, Bozzy
	
 Bozzy	Hey, Young It’s on you now Come on
	
Young 	OK Here, hold this	 Watch me now
	
Xing	Alright
	
Audience behind	One more one more Wow Nice!  One MORE Dad, look!  Cool This guy’s not bad, yeah Oh wow, very nice
	
Jerry	Fan Fan? Hey, Fan? Fan
	
Robbers/gangsters	Let’s go, let’s get out of here	

Jerry	Fan What took you so long	

Fan	Hey, do you have a card	

Jerry	What card
	
Fan	Credit card
	
Jerry	How could someone with good credit not have a credit card	

Fan	Take it out
	
Jerry	One card coming up, whatever you want Even enough to buy a house	 Ah
	
Fan	no problem
	
Jerry	WHOA! What did you do	 Give me back the card
	
Fei	Hey, Boss.  The stuff you told me to do I finally found a team of parkour experts Yeah, they’re fast, faster Liu Xiang by 3 seconds Their flips, the Monkey King would surrender to them Once they see it, the scroll, it's over Jumping through windows, across rooftops Over bridges, crossing lakes and ponds Swish, swash, and up the mountain Running here running there! You take mine I take yours Haha, the hero!!  Great and incredible	

Boss	So did you get it
	
Fei	Of course
	
Boss	Give it here
	
Fei	Here here here here, that person stole it back Boss, actually I Well, let me put it this way	 I’ve tried everything, and I, spent a lot of money Pretty much all my royalties	 And in the end we failed, so I’m thinking Well I bumped into janitor Bob And he’s got three guys Says they don’t even take money, just two hundred bucks each	 They say they’re willing to get it Just like that, wow, GREAT!  Everything solved Windows smashed, glass shattered, ground’s cracking	 Walls carved, beaten to a pulp Beaten to a pulp I’m going to brush my teeth
	
Jerry	That’s it that’s it that’s it that’s it I’m done for.  I’m literally done for this time	 My gold VIP card, you maxed out the damn card
	
Fan	I thought you have no limits	

Jerry	I... I...
	
Fan	Ah he’s here
	
Young 	Miss me
	
Fan	Okay
	
Young 	Me too
	
Jerry	Come on, just kiss already
	
Fan	You jerk! You jerk
	
Young 	Alright, get in the car first
	
Jerry	Wing Chun White Crane eh Your stomach getting bigger Your chin getting longer
	
Young 	Get off
	
Jerry	One, two, three, four
	
Fan	Hey are you two done yet Hurry up and get in the car
	
Young	Sure thing. Get the luggage hey Fan
	
Fan	Yes
	
Young 	Did you lose weight again
	
Fan	Have I No I haven’t
	
Jerry	How can she not lose weight She’s been fighting ever since we got here
	
Fan	You know you really don’t have to speak
	
Young 	Fighting? Who have you been fighting	

Jerry	You still don’t know	 When I arrived to Wing Chun a group of strangers tried to steal the scroll	 And at night they came again	

Fan	Shut up
	
Jerry	Fan, why didn’t you tell me	

Young 	Is everything alright
	
Fan	Everything’s fine, don’t listen to him Don’t I look ok
	
Jerry	She knows Kung Fu, of course she’s ok
	
Young 	And you have the guts to speak What were you doing while she was fighting	

Xing	What do you want
	
Car owner	This car is mine
	
Jerry	I was calling for help	 Otherwise how would anyone know she’s in trouble
	
Young 	I give up
	
Jerry	You’re welcome.  What are men for
	
Fan	Oh
	
Young 	What’s so important about that scroll It already attracted these thugs
	
Fan	he 108 Posture Wing Chun White Crane Scroll from the Qing Dynasty Grandpa wants me to give it to the council for the festival Unfortunately, the festival has not begin	 And people are coming for it
	
Young 	Do you know who these people are How about calling the police
	
Fan	No need, there’s only three more days All we have to do is protect the scroll	

Jerry	Alright, then let me join you guys We can all take on a little challenge Sounds good	 You, me, Fan and “Piggy” Xing The four of us as one will be like like the Scroll Security Squad	

Young 	Sounds good Hey look, there’s
	
Jerry	Xing“Piggy” Xing
	
Fan	Xing, hop in
	
Young	Here we go
		
Jerry	You’re really living up to “Piggy” today aren’t you Look at the frown, like you ate a dead rat
	
Xing	It was you wasn’t it	 Holding everyone up Making me wait out here so long
	
Jerry	And which eye was watching me do all this	

Xing	Both eyes
	
Jerry	You mean those two crossed eyes
	
Fan	Alright guys stop fighting	

Jerry	Come on, you know them Happens every time they meet
	
Xing	Who’s fighting whom? He can’t beat me anyway
	
Jerry	I can’t beat you
	
Young 	Hey Xing, did you know	 That if your hand is bigger than your face you have mental problems	 Well she doesn’t have any problems
	
Xing	Dinner time
	
Jerry	Wow “Piggy” Xing you can cook A table full of dishes! Are you a magician
	
Xing	Home cooked meals... Peace of cake	

Jerry	I was wrong two years ago Who ever marries you must be the happiest man
	
Xing	That’s a fact
	
Jerry	Let me try first
	
Xing	Stop! Not until everyone’s seated
	
Jerry	Fan ! Young	 “Piggy” Xing made some delicious dishes ! Hurry up
	
Xing	Who are you calling “Piggy?”
	
Jerry	You are Piggy
	
Xing	Who’s Piggy
	
Jerry	You
	
Xing	In which way do I look like a Piggy
	
Jerry	Every way
	
Xing	In which way do I look like a Piggy
	
Jerry	Every way
	
Xing	Every way I look like Piggy
	
Jerry	Every way
	
Xing	Fan
	
Fan	Alright	 Can you guys stop flight for a second	

Xing	Jerry always picks on me	

Young 	Let’s eat, let’s eat
	
Fan	Wow
	
Young 	Careful it’s hot
	
Xing	Fan, the soup that I made is delicious Let me get you a bowl
	
Fan	Good
	
Xing	Young ! Give me your bowl
	
Young 	Okay
	
Xing	Let me get you some as well
	
Fan	Thank you
	
Xing	Young ! Here you go
	
Jerry	And me
	
Xing	Get it yourself
	
Jerry	So, giving me some special treatment eh
	
Xing	Idiot! Don’t you know how to use a spoon
	
Young 	Here, this way is much easier Come on eat more
	
Xing	Thank you, Young	 Fan, eat some beans
	
Jerry	Awesome
	
Fan	What are you doing
	
Xing	How are things with you and Young
	
Fan	They are the way they are
	
Xing	Come on tell me, you’ve been together so long When are you getting married I’m anxious
	
Fan	What are you anxious for	

Xing	Look, Young is good-looking trains kung fu, and he takes care of you If you don’t take advantage now, he’s gonna run
	
Fan	Alright, well think about your own issues	

Xing	Me? Am I not doing great So beautiful, and afraid of not being able to get married
	
Fan	All talk, you have never liked any boy	

Xing	well Yes	 There’s this pudgy kid in my class. Very round and plumpy So cute, you can roll him around	 I like him a lot, you know	

Fan	I’m talking about a real relationship	

Xing	For that record, zero. Hey, if there was I’d tell you first Fan, I heard your return for this trip	 you carried a scroll along the way
	
Fan	Grandpa told me this scroll is from a Master during the Qing Dynasty Fang Qi Niang’s handwritten “Wing Chun White Crane Fist”	 108 postures of the system drawn	 It was then taken to the imperial palace during times of endless war	 eventually ended up in Grandpa’s hands he and a few professional weavers	 spent two years time rebuilding	 This is the final step to the scroll’s rightful place	

Xing	Wow, never thought this scroll told such a long story	

Fan	Yeah, this is to be returned to Wing Chun village It is grandfather’s wish proof of the White Crane system’s history
	
Xing	I understand, it’s priceless No wonder there’s so many people after it	

Fan	But even now	 I still don’t know who these guys are	

Xing	Do you think perhaps it’s someone into antiques or a collector of some sort	

Fan	Doesn’t matter, we must protect it here, let’s take a look	

Xing	Alright Wow Hey, there’s a picture Do you recognize the girl To stick it with the scroll must be some connection there
	
Fan	Grandpa said when he was young he came to Wing Chun His heart belonged to a girl with the surname Jen Grandfather eventually left for Taiwan, and they lost contact He tried to find her, but none of his letters returned	

Xing	Was she grandpa’s first love Must be a big deal to him reminds you of a romantic tragedy cliche
	
Fan	Don’t joke, I don’t think it’s chance that we return the scroll to the same place his first love was discovered
	
Xing	Alright I’ll look at it as real love
	
Fan	Not look, it really is
	
Xing	How about we help grandpa search Who knows, we actually might end up finding her	

Fan	We have to do this for Grandpa Alright
	
Xing	OK
	
Jerry	I love you Baby I love you Baby I love you Baby
	
Xing	Hey listen, what’s out there Sounds like pigs screaming, what is that
	
Fan	Let’s go check it out Go
	
Jerry	I love you Baby I love you Baby I love you Baby I love you I love you I love you	

Xing	Jerry
	
Jerry	I love you Baby
	
Xing	Jerry
	
Jerry	I love you I love you I love you	

Young 	Jerry can you keep it down It’s a ruckus, Jerry
	
Jerry	I love you Baby I love you Baby I love you Baby I love you I love you I love you and… go
	
Young 	and  go
	
Fan	Mean  Mean  Mean  Mean	

Young	Alright once more	 and one, relax relax One, two, ha! Right, now faster And touch, one, two, three	

Fan	Ah Got you this time
	
Young	Not bad
	
Jerry	What’s going on? Why so early
	
Fan	Worrying old hag
	
Jerry	Who’s a hag
	
Young	You’re a hag Go again
	
Jerry	Can’t sleep in peace
	
Young	Again again
	
Fan	Hit him!  Aw come on
	
Jerry	Let me do it
	
Xing	You have mental issues
	
Jerry	You have medication
	
Xing	What goes around comes around
	
Robbers/gangsters	Hurry hurry, it’s right in here Everyone hurry up and find it
	
Young	Who are you people
	
Jerry	What are those two up? They really fighting	

Xing	Training I suppose
	
Jerry	Training
	
Xing	Yeah
	
Jerry	Two people can make that much noise
	
Xing	Aren’t they always violent Training is just like a real fight to them Fry it nicely If you don’t you’re finishing that dish	

Jerry	I’ll finish it even if I fry it nice Hey, it looks like they really are fighting
	
Xing	Nah, you’re just imagining things
	
Robbers/gangsters	I found it! I found it Catch it Let’s get out of here
	
Fan	Hey don’t chase them
	
Robbers/gangsters	Hurry let’s go Hurry
	
Xing	People should be gone
	
Boss	Give it here
	
Fei	Well, Boss
	
Boss	Give it
	
Fei	Let me hold it a bit, alright
	
Boss	Just give it already
	
Fei	A little longer
	
Boss	Give it
	
Fei	Let me hold
	
Boss	Hand it over Finally found Finally in our possession Ah
	
Xing	Why didn’t you use a real rat
	
Fan	Can’t, I’m afraid of rats
	
Jerry	Use a snake
	
Fan	Even more scared of those
	
Young	So, what happened to the real scroll
	
Fan	Don’t worry, I kept it in a safe place	

Young	Alright
	
Xing	Is the power out	

	
Young	Happy Birthday to you	 Happy Birthday to you Happy Birthday to you	

Jerry	happy birthday to
	
Xing	Ah
	
Jerry	you
	
Young	Rose, Rose, you are so sweet and charming Rose, Rose, you are so garish and beautiful	 Spring and summer are full on the branches Rose, Rose, I love you Who’s there Didn’t I tell you’re too slow I’m going to bed, see you tomorrow Too slow
	
Fan	Good lord! What happened to you Who were you fighting with Young? Young
	
Young	I don’t know either	 It felt like I was fighting But I don’t remember fighting Drank so much Hey, Fan	 Maybe I was fighting another girl Hey hey hey My mistake my mistake	

Boss	Well, did you find it yet
	
Fei	Don’t worry	 We can definitely resolve this situation
	
Boss	So why aren’t reporting to me	

Fei	Alright This Japanese fighter He’s strong Strongest of all Southeast Asia Furthermore his kicks are fast Hello  Hello No-underwear! Hey, No-underwear’s on the phone No-underwear See all settled and done What can I say	 The strongest of all Southeast Asia  His strikes are powerful	

Robber/Gangster	Fei
	
Fei	Kicks with lightening speed of all of Southeast Asia	

Robber/Gangster	Fei
	
Fei	He
	
Robber/Gangster	Come here
	
Fei	What is it? Say it
	
Robber/Gangster	Come here, I have something to tell you
	
Fei	Oh
	
Robber/Gangster	Fei
	
Fei	How do I teach you guys, huh Open your inner light, don’t hide yourself Speak out, let our boss hear your inner voice	

Robber/Gangster	Fei, the Japanese warrior you found was found beaten to a pulp he’s in the hospital Fei
	
Boss	No underwear No underwear No underwear No underwear Why don’t you stop wearing underwear No underwear No underwear No underwear	

Fei	Hey hey hey
	
Jerry	Why do we have to come here The sun just came up, aren’t you guys tired
	
Xing	Didn’t I tell you already	 My sister and I have to fulfill our grandpa’s wish
	
Jerry	What wish? What about the mission And the scroll? Who is to protect it
	
Fan	I already kept it hidden	 If you’re not happy, then just go back	

Jerry	Ok, I’ll go back
	
Young	Hey, don’t argue with women The woman is always right
	
Fan	Xing, you sure it’s this place
	
Young	Let’s go Let’s go
	
Jerry	Hey hey hey
	
Young	Come on
	
Jerry	How did you upset her this morning She didn’t seem very happy
	
Young	I might have said some stuff Possibly angered her
	
Jerry	A man must admit to his wrongs Girls like the “straight-forward” approach
	
Young	Not the same	 We’ve been together for almost seven years	

Jerry	Yeah, already seven years Do you know within these seven years How many girls I’ve been with	 This kinda stuff you gotta learn from me Let’s go, wait up Ah
	
Fan	What’s wrong? You ok	

Jerry	I think my, I Hum
	
Young	Learn from you, right
	
Jerry	The most important thing is patience if once isn’t good enough, then twice Twice is not good enough
	
Young	Alright already Can we go now
	
Jerry	It’s hot out Real hot That	 hey So are we’re gonna move over the bridge and turn that way Or perhaps	 we go that way Oh
	
Young	Hey fan I was wrong, I’m sorry	

Fan	I know you weren’t with a girl last night
	
Young	The person was on the floor, down to the knees
	
Fan	What did you say
	
Young	See, I say what happened and you get even more angry Alright, I’m just joking I’m joking Joe and king Don’t laugh Hey hey hey hey Can’t laugh now I already see it	 You know I think you’d hide the smile better with a mustache
	
Fan	You jerk
	
Young	Let’s go
	
Fan	Look at those two, they’ll never grow up
	
Young	Look! Dong Li Chun is here We made it
	
Fan	Yes, it’s right here
	
Young	We’re finally here
	
Xing	Hey kids, over here	 Come here come here, hurry, over here
	
Fan	Wait, don’t run
	
Young	Hey, guys, how about some juice Look, I have some sweet beverages here
	
Fan	Come on over here	 Who can get here first
	
Young	Alright, alright, wait	 wait wait wait
	
Xing	Quiet down, kids
	
Young	You first have to answer me one question Do any of you know an old lady named Jen
	
Children	I know! I know
	
Young	You know her
	
Children	Yeah, my last name is Jen My grandmother is at home right now I’ll take you there	 Good, here have one of these	

Young	one each
	
Fan	Let’s go
	
Children	Thank you, mister! Thanks, mister
	
Young	Let’s go, hurry up.  Thanks, guys
	
Children	Granny, Granny there are people here to see you Granny, Granny.  Those people are looking for you
	
Jerry	Hello Granny
	
Fan	Hello Granny
	
Young	Hello Granny
	
Xing	Hello Granny
	
Jerry	Hello Granny
	
Granny	What did you say	 My hearing is weak
	
Young	Her hearing might be a problem
	
Fan	Granny, are you Ms. Jen	

Granny	Yes my surname is Jen
	
Fan	Jen Wei   Ms. Jen
	
Granny	Jen Wei Who’s Jen Wei
	
Fan	Is this you in the photo
	
Granny	Oh Wei! Gorbon	 We all grew up together Wei had a very hard life She lost her parents very young	 Many of our villagers helped out raising her She was also the village’s prettiest girl All the young men had a crush on her But Wei only liked Gorbon	 A shame what time can do Just when this couple had fallen in love	 That Gorbon left the village And had never returned since A broken heart	 Wei just waited a lifetime for him She never married anyone	

Fan	Well would you happen to know Where does old lady Jen live	

Granny	She lives on top of the mountain all alone now You guys can follow this route	 Keep going up and then you will see a small house there
	
Xing	Thank you granny
	
Fan	Thank you granny bye
	
Young	Thank you granny
		
Jerry	We should be almost there Let’s go
	
Xing	Stop pulling me
	
Young	Hurry up
	
Jerry	It’s getting dark, hurry up	

Young	Should be right there	 There’s an old lady, could it be her
	
Fan	Excuse me are Ms. Jen
	
Jen	Who is it
	
Fan	We’re Gorbon Chen’s granddaughters	

Jen	How is your grandfather	

Fan	He’s doing well	 He’s currently in Taiwan I’ll give him a call right now
	
Jen	Ok
	
Fan	Hi, Grandpa We found Ms. Jen Wei The one you always mention Ms. Jen Wait a second, I’ll let her speak to you	 Here, Ms. Jen
	
Jen	Gorbon Gorbon Gorbon	 Jen Wei
	
Gorbon Chen	How are you
	
Jen	I I I’m fine I’m fine Just old
	
Gorbon Chen	We’re older These years	 I’ve had people try look for your where abouts But none could find you	 I didn’t think I didn’t think Our differences
	
Jen	I know I know
	
Gorbon Chen	Would separate us for so many decades
	
Jen	I knew you would come find me So I always waited Finally, today is that day	

Gorbon Chen	I’m sorry I’m so sorry	 I made you wait a lifetime
	
Jen	Don’t apologize	 I never blamed you I would never blame you Even though I waited a lifetime	 And we couldn’t grow old together But We never stopped We never forgot each other completely I understand now When you wait for someone	 Even if it requires a lifetime Spending it alone Is still a lifetime nonetheless	 Which is why I chose to wait Because Only the ones who cherish what they have	 are thankful for an eternity Do you know Sometimes	 When you wait for someone It is also a feeling of romance Some say Meeting the right person at the right time	 is a chance of luck But just like any other encounter, it was not wasted for the enjoyment of that very moment represents true happiness and even though our time together was short we have never wronged each other that is most important that is my life my most beautiful	 memory Gorbon Using a lifetime to wait for you I willfully accepted	 And without regret if I had to choose once more I would still make the same choice without hesitation
	
Gorbon Chen	Jen Wei My My My	 My next lifetime will forever be by your side  Jen Wei
	
Jerry	Meeting the right person at the right time Is a chance of luck But just like any other encounter, it was not wasted for the enjoyment of that very moment represents true happiness I love you baby I love you baby I love you baby I love you baby	 I love you baby
	
Xing	Are you sick
	
Jerry	Then give me the medicine
	
Xing	Here it is, eat up
	
Jerry	Do you have water
	
Xing	You’ll choke to death
	
Jerry	It’s good stuff I love you baby I love you baby I love you baby I love you baby I love you baby	 I love you baby I love you baby I love you baby Smells good
	
Xing	Fan, look at him
	
Fan	Alright alright, this is not suit as a gift for a girl	 You’re supposed to give her a ring
	
Young	Only you	 the coolest, a martial artist, and never the alone-est	 I’m in love with you The one and only you
	
Fei	fly Boss, it’s over	 What’s done is past, and let’s just forget the past I thought of a new method ABC 
	
Boss	Let’s hear it
	
Fei	Never forget to
	
passer by	Dad, class is over
	
Jerry	Well look at you, all chunky and fat You’re a lot of fun	 Who is this?  So fat How much you eat a day	 Oh yo yo yo
	
passer by	Who the hell are you?  Come here, honey. This is my mom
	
Jerry	Oh, mommy Afternoon
	
Xing	Bullying my kid eh	 Don’t be shy Isn’t he cute You’re really cute too
	
Young	You're more cute Fan	 You seem to have a problem with your technique
	
Fan	Do I
	
Young	Wing Chun White Crane’s power is generated from the ground up Here, let me show you	 From the feet, to the knees, to the hip, to the neck To the elbow, and to the wrist	 The fist has three angles One two three The palm has three edges One two three The hand is a shape shifter It can be a snake, or a crane With the agility of a cat Attack me, Attack the attack
	
Fan	Finger strike
	
Young	Drop the horse to shatter his bridge Are you alright
	
Fan	I’m fine
	
Young	Here, let’s try again	 The blocking connects to attack Oh, wait a sec Hello Yeah, it’s me	 You mean WHAT happened to Bozzy He broke his leg OK. I’ll be right there	 Bozzy’s hurt. I have to get over there	

Fan	Hey you want me to come with you
	
Young	No it’s ok, I’m just gonna head over the hospital Oh right, tonight at 8	 Wait for me at the Dragon Cloud Bridge See you soon
	
Fan	OK
	
Jerry	That kid before was really cute He’s so fat.  What’s his name	

Xing	Little Chubby
	
Jerry	Little Chubby	 Hey let me ask you something If Little Chubby fell off a 10-story building Why wouldn’t he die	

Xing	Because he’s too fat
	
Jerry	Wrong
	
Xing	I dunno, there’s a shed underneath him
	
Jerry	Wrong
	
Xing	There’s a swimming pool	

Jerry	Wrong
	
Xing	Then what is it
	
Jerry	Because I raised a flying bird named Little Chubby HAHAHAHA
	
Xing	That’s not even funny	 Alright let me ask you something What do you call jiang (ginger) chopped into four pieces
	
Jerry	Jiang (ginger)
	
Xing	Wrong 
	
Jerry	Well it sure doesn’t change into garlic And definitely not onion	

Xing	Idiot
	
Jerry	What
	
Xing	Jiang Jiang Jiang Jiang
	
Jerry	That’s not funny either	

Xing	Hey what are you doing	 Let go of me  AHHHH
	
Robbers/gangsters	Hurry!  Shut it	 Let’s go, drive drive drive Go Go Go
	
Xing	Let me go
	
Jerry	Hold it
	
Xing	Let me go
	
Jerry	Stop Watch out!  Pull over	

Robbers/gangsters	Where’d you learn to ride
	
Xing	Let go of me!  Who are you people
	
Robbers/gangsters	Shut up
	
Xing	What do you want with me?
	
Robbers/gangsters	I said be quiet
	
Xing	Let me go Help
	
Robbers/gangsters	Shut up!  Stop screaming	

Jerry	Stop the car Stop the car	 I said stop the car
	
Robbers/gangsters	Be quiet Why did we stop No gas Let’s get out	 Hurry hurry
	
Xing	Jerry Wake up!  What’s wrong	

Jerry	Mouth to mouth	 I need mouth to mouth	

Xing	Jerry
	
Jerry	Ah
	
Xing	You’re my hero
	
Jerry	What  
 	
Xing	Thank you for saving me today
	
Jerry	No need to thank me	 With words at least Aw, the power’s out
	
Fan	It’s already been 45 minutes past Unacceptable Hello
	
Young	Hey, where are you
	
Fan	At the head of the bridge	

Young	Still on the bridge?  You’re so dumb	

Fan	I called and you never picked up
	
Young	Well I was busy
	
Fan	I already waited for you 45 minutes	

Young	That’s not too long	 You know the Monkey King waited ten thousand years
	
Fan	I don’t want to hear your nonsense You’re ridiculous
	
Young	Don’t be mad, I’m not trying to hurt you
	
Fan	Don’t be mad
	
Young	Do you know what tonight is Our seven year anniversary	

Fan	You still remember
	
song lyric	Can't think of you anymore Make my heart pump too fast The way you look at me Make me melt	 I want to keep the way you smile
	
Xing	I’m here. Get going
	
Jerry	Not yet I wanna stay with you
	
Xing	Come on, the parents are over there They’re looking Stop
	
Jerry	What are you afraid of	 Old hubby and wifey and you still shy	

Xing	Hey ok already	 Hurry up, get outta here	

Jerry	Hey, don’t get wet out here
	
Xing	Hey I’m alright, you use it
	
Jerry	No no no look at you, you’re all wet
	
Xing	I’ll be fine
	
Jerry	Why don’t you listen to me
	
Xing	I’ll be fine
	
Jerry	I What? Who was that	 Can you have a little respect Don’t you see we’re making romance happen What’s wrong with you Looking for trouble? Who
	
song lyric	Great to have you in my life We will be together forever No matter how bad the situation is	 We will walk through every step The future is waiting for us	

Young	Fan, Bozzy is having his surgery done today He doesn’t have enough money, I’m gonna go help him out You head home first, alright
	
Robbers/gangsters	Get her Hey, let’s get out of here	

Young	What do you want	 Are you after the scroll too	

Western Fighter	They say you’re the good	 I intend to prove them wrong	

Young	I don’t want to fight you	 Come on Have you had enough I don’t want to fight you Come on Come on You lose
	
Western Fighter	What was that
	
Young	Wing Chun White Crane fist	

Jerry	One, two, three, four. Good. Again Five, six. Good. Again	





