
Linda	Yes. I understand.

Linda	No, this doesn’t change anything.

Linda	Look, he’s my son and as usual I will handle him. 

Linda	Ok, alright.

Dingaan	It’s always lovely to be handled by one’s mother.

Linda	I wouldn’t have to interfere in your life if maybe you acted like an adult.

Linda	I do not appreciate clients calling me to discuss your behaviour. 

Linda	It's embarrassing.

Dingaan	Careful mother, your blood pressure.

Linda	And Naomi? When’s she due back? [vernac]

Dingaan	She's in Paris mom. [vernac] She'll be back soon. 

Linda	Good. You could do with a bit of common sense and stability.

Dingaan	Naomi and I have an understanding.

Linda	I don't understand both of you. [vernac]

Linda	But I meant what I said yesterday.

Linda	It's time to settle down like your brother did with Lakhe.

Dingaan	Lakhe’s not as great as you think.

Dingaan	I wouldn't trust her that easily.

Linda	What do you mean? [vernac]

Dingaan	I am sure she's the one behind that nonsense on the internet. [vernac]

Linda	At least she can be professional and manages to not jump into bed with clients.

Linda	I've decided you can sit in with Brandon to finalize the PA today. [vernac]

Linda	I'm hoping you can at least handle that without causing a scandal.

Dingaan	Yes mom.

Dingaan	My babysitter and I are on it.

Israel 	Son? Is your sister seeing us? [vernac]

Bettina	Hi dad. I can hear and see you. 

Bettina	Can I call you back? I'm kind of in the middle of something.

Israel	Wait, I'll be quick my girl. [vernac]

Israel	The thing is, your brother and me have a bit of an emergency on our hands. [vernac]

Bettina	What kind of emergency? [vernac]

Israel	We need some more money. [vernac]

Bettina	But I thought I left you enough to last the month. What happened?

Israel	And you know your brother. [vernac]

Israel	He wants a lot of things, [vernac]

Israel	…we even went to Shisanyama. [vernac]

Israel	He always wants braai meat. [vernac]

Israel 	And the worst part is he doesn't know how to cook. [vernac]

Reggie	We decided not to burn the house today. [vernac]

Israel	And your brother, he wants a lot of things,  [vernac]

Israel	He buys things he says they’re for his music. [vernac]

Israel	Yes, music.  [vernac]

Israel	Yes, this boy. [vernac]

Bettina	Hello...

Bettina	Hello...

Bettina	Hey, papa?

Bettina	Great.

Linda	Wendell, I need you to look into this thing that blew up online yesterday,

Linda	About Dingaan and Angelina.

Wendell	Yes ma'am.

Linda	I want to know who posted it and when.  Names, times,

Linda	And when it was done.

Linda	And do me a favour.

Wendell	Yes ma'am...

Linda	Keep this between us. Okay?

Amanda	Morning. Nice to see you again.

Bettina	Hi, I was...

Zaza	There you are, here is your tag. You're late.

Amanda	Zaza! 

Amanda	Wait, that's not...

Amanda	Hello Nubia, Amanda speaking.

Zaza	 Apathia.

Zaza	Apathia! 

Zaza	That is your name right? Apathia?

Bettina	Yeah. Sure.

Bettina	I'm sorry I'm just excited. What's going on?

Zaza	Seriously?!

Zaza	Your agency didn't brief you?

Zaza	You know what? Nevermind. .

Zaza	Today is the internal announcement of the new MD.

Bettina	Right, of course.

Zaza	Yes, it's the lead up before Linda's retirement,

Zaza	And the big industry announcement of who's replacing her.

T-Bang	Alright, let's get it together guys. 

T-Bang	Please! 

T-Bang	I need to show that slick show from start to finish. 

T-Bang	Let's go!

Zaza	And that delightful figure shouting over there, 

Zaza	decided to make today a real theatrical production! 

Bettina	Oh, sorry.

Zaza	Anyway, you can refer to the list I emailed you for tasks to complete.

Bettina	I'm so sorry. 

Bettina	My phone is...

Bettina	I didn't print the list. 

Bettina	Could you please send it to me?

Zaza	Okay Sis, are you up for this? 

Zaza	You seem really frazzled.

Bettina	No. I'm ready, just tell me what you need.

Zaza	It's all here.

Bettina	Great. 

Bettina	Will Mrs. Jiyane be around?

Zaza	Why?

Bettina	Just asking, she's probably busy. 

Bettina	And she wouldn't just hang around here does she?

Zaza	Since she's making the announcement of course she'll be here.

Zaza	Follow me.

Lakhe	Oh there you are. 

Linda	I was hoping we could have a follow up on our conversation yesterday.

Lakhe	Of course. 

Lakhe	I mean, I didn't mean to disrespect Dingaan, 

Lakhe	just felt it needed to be said. 

Linda	You know I have... 

Lakhe	What's this?

Linda	Some rather intimate pictures were leaked to Ssip Ssip, 

Linda	from a computer at Nubia.

Linda	Your computer, according to the IP address.

Linda 	You know what, I won’t insult both of us by asking if you did it or not. 

Linda	All I know, either way, it doesn't look good for you.

Lakhe	Anyone could have access to my computer.

Linda	Possibly.

Lakhe	What are you saying?

Lakhe	Am I being fired?

Linda	No. 

Linda	I asked your reassurance. I need to know I can trust you.

Lakhe	How can you even question that?!

Lakhe	I've always put Nubia first, always.

Linda	Now I’m asking that you do the same with Dingaan.

Lakhe	And what if I say no?

Linda	I'm hoping you don't.

Lakhe	I have quite an extensive portfolio.

Lakhe	I could quite easily start out on my own.

Linda	I think we would both like to avoid that reputational nightmare.

Linda	I value you.

Linda	You remind me of myself when I was starting out. 

Linda	You're ruthless, which is good thing.

Linda	But it can be off-putting.

Lakhe	Would you say the same to Dumisani if he were still alive?

Linda	To honour him, and your contribution to this company, 

Linda	I am willing to give you an additional 5% on top of the 7.5 you already have.

Linda	If you do what I’ve ask.

Lakhe	That's very generous of you.

Linda	I think so.

Linda	Now, I am hoping we can put this behind us, 

Linda	and we can go on to the future, for the good of us all.

Dingaan	Nothing tastes like water!

Dingaan	Hello...

Dingaan	Follow me, we're not going to sit there.

Dingaan	Let's sit here.

Dingaan	So, tell me gorgeous. 

Dingaan	Between me and this boring brute? [vernac]

Dingaan	Who would you choose?

Extra (PA)	If I had to choose.

Dingaan	Wait, drum roll please.

Extra (PA) 	I'll go with you.

Extra (PA)	I am partial to vanilla after all.

Brandon	Darling they all are.

Brandon	No, you see what you've done?!

Dingaan	Brandon?

Brandon	You have to assist to take him.

Brandon	Only the kiss of a beautiful woman, 

Brandon	that's going to bring him back to life. 

Brandon	Come on! 

Brandon	Kiss on the mouth, 

Brandon	it’s the only thing that's going to help. 

Dingaan	I need it right here sweety.

Brandon	Come on!

Dingaan	Right here. 

Linda	I don't want to hear it!

Linda	And you! 

Linda	Do you think this is appropriate behaviour? 

Linda	You are supposed to be doing HR, for Heaven's sake! 

Linda	Not creating potential #MeToo charges!

Brandon	Yes ma'am! 

Brandon	I mean, no ma'am.

Brandon	My apologies. It was an...

Dingaan	The interview was over. We were just trying to have a bit of fun.

Linda	This is exactly what we spoke about this morning.

Linda	This is not "a bit of fun" like you put it. 

Linda	Some would say it’s a sexual harassment!

Dingaan	Ma...

Linda	No Dingaan, no!

Linda	How do I expect you to run this company, when even conducting 

Linda	a simple interview is beyond you?!

Dingaan	Why does everything always have to be about business with you? 

Dingaan	Do you ever just relax like other parents? [vernac]

Linda	"Relaxed" did not pay your private school, 

Linda	or for rugby camps.

Linda	Are you incapable of restraint?

Dingaan	And are you capable of not hovering over my shoulder? 

Dingaan	Just for five minutes.

Linda	You need to step up my boy.

Linda	You’re all I have left.

Dingaan	But I just wish...

Linda	I do have your best interests at heart. 

Linda	But you have to be what I need you to be. 

Linda	And get to running things around here. 

Linda	Or else.

Dingaan	Or you can take it all away Ma.

Linda	Exactly. 

Linda	No more MD job, the trust fund and expense accounts.

Linda	I'm tired now, my boy.

Linda	Your call.

Zaza	Okay, you have the flowers for the... 

Zaza	Write it down.

Zaza	You know what? Just go.

Linda	How's everything coming along?

Zaza	I am just waiting for that girl, 

Zaza	Apathia

Zaza	The intern we hired.

Linda	And social media? We need something to boost interest, 

Linda	between today and the official announcement.

Zaza	Don't worry, I got all sorted. 

Zaza	It’s all written up and ready to go after today.

Linda	Good.

Bettina	 I'm so sorry. I got lost and then had to go back,

Bettina	and buy all the different kinds...

Bettina	...all the orders.

Zaza	I guess that was a good idea.

Zaza	Anyway, this is Linda Jiyane. 

Zaza	She’s the owner and CEO of Nubia. 

Zaza	This is Apathia, the intern.

Linda	Do I know you from somewhere? 

Linda	You look familiar.

Bettina	Well ma'am, I do have one of those faces. 

Bettina	I often remind people of a lot of other people.

Zaza	I think you should start...

Linda	Okay.

Apathia	I'm so sorry. My grandmother's cat was stuck up a tree. 

Apathia	I tried to sneak away and leave her to deal with it. But...

Linda	Who's this?

Apathia	Oh my goodness. 

Apathia	I'm not a crazy person I promise you. 

Apathia	I'm the intern from the agency. 

Apathia	Apathia Green.

Apathia	I know, right? 

Apathia	The name gets everyone.

Zaza	Then who are you?

Linda	Then who are you?

Zaza	Hello?!

Bettina	Mrs. Jiyane, my name’s Bettina Sikhakhane. 

Bettina	I recently interviewed for a position here.

Linda	You're the one who came up with the names of the young 

Linda	South African business women?

Bettina	Yes. 

Bettina	And anyway...

Bettina	I didn't get the job, obviously.

Linda	So you thought you'd come back and pose as someone else?

Bettina	No. 

Bettina	Yes.

Bettina	I've been a massive fan of yours since like forever. 

Bettina 	And I try to live my life by your mantra. 

Bettina	"Nobody will open doors for you, you have to kick them in!"

Apathia	Wow, super cool.

Bettina	And I came here to say I just wanted a chance. 

Bettina	Before I could explain Zaza gave me a job.

Zaza	Oh no, you are not going to blame me.

Zaza	You are not going to do that!

Bettina	I thought clearly whoever this Apathia was she was not here...

Bettina	I would just...

Apathia	Hello! My grandmother.

Bettina	So I thought, 

Bettina	just do a good job Betty. 

Bettina	You know, you can explain later. 

Bettina	Once you had done a good job.

Bettina	Lead by example. 

Bettina	Am I right?

Linda	You know what? We need to get started.

Linda	You young lady, show up on time or not at all! 

Linda	Goodbye.

Linda	And you, 

Linda	I'm not done with you yet. 

Linda	Wait for me at reception.

Zaza	What?

Zaza	Go!

Reggie	Hey, baba.

Reggie	Betty is calling.

Israel	Betty?

Bettina	Hi Papa.

Israel	I tried to call you back earlier, 

Israel	I guess you were busy.

Bettina	Yes, I guess. 

Bettina	So tell me about the money running out...

Israel	Everything is fine now, I didn't want to bother you. 

Israel	I made some few plans.

Bettina	It's okay Baba.

Bettina	I guess I can, continue selling scones with aunty. 

Bettina	And I will make a plan.

Israel	That's what I wanted to hear.

Israel	I played cards with the boys earlier and won myself a few rands.

Israel	I won and I hear them starting to complain. 

Israel	I am king of playing cards. 

Bettina	But Baba you are broke.

Israel	I have money. 

Israel	Electricity,  

Israel	and food.

Israel	We are sorted for now.

Israel	Your eyes, 

Israel	is like your mother when she wakes up.

Israel	Let me go hustle like other men. 

Israel	Be good.

Bettina	Reggie, the dishes...

Reggie	Signal.

Reggie	Tell me baba, 

Reggie	so what are we going to do for money?

Israel	You know nothing. 

Israel	You’re still a young boy. You are still growing.

Israel	Hello Sibu.

Israel	How are you my friend?

Israel	Sibu…  

Israel	So can I add another grand, 

Israel	into my remaining balance. 

Israel	You know I'm good for it.

Israel	Thank you. 

Israel	Be good.

Israel	But why’s your interest rates so high these days?

Israel	No, don't worry. 

Israel	Me and money we are close friends. 

Israel	Debts are my thing.

Israel	Thank you.

Reggie	Was that Sibu? 

Reggie	Really? 

Reggie	You must be the only person in Hammanskraal that 

Reggie	wants a loan from that shark!

Reggie	Sibu he’s dangerous.

Israel	So what should we do now? 

Israel	Drink water? 

Israel	Eat water?

Reggie	I was just thinking...

Linda	Just fix yourself a little bit ok. 

Linda	Welcome. Welcome everybody.

Linda	You know, it feels a little surreal standing here right now. 

Linda	In front of you guys.

Linda	Nubia to me is a family. 

Linda	When I think about...

Linda	Where it all started, I get a little emotional. 

Linda	Nubia was a dream come true, not just for me.

Linda	But for my whole family. 

Linda	For my two boys. 

Linda	Now, most of you here will know that. 

Linda	My family is incomplete. 

Linda	I may have lost one son. 

Linda	But the spirit of Nubia continues to thrive, within another. 

Linda	Therefore, 

Linda	I would like to introduce the new MD. 

Linda	My son, 

Linda	Dingaan Jiyane! The future.

Linda	Where’s that pseudo- intern girl?

Zaza	She should be somewhere here, I told her to wait.

Linda	I want to see her.

Zaza	Okay. 

Linda	Well done boy.

Brandon	D. M. D

Cell phone on-screen text	Just dropped off my last client.

Cell phone on-screen text	You ready?

Cell phone on-screen text	Still at Nubia will be done soon :)

Zaza	ollow me. Apathia.

Linda	Make sure the marketing knows about it. 

Linda	And I need a copy on my desk as soon as possible.  

Linda	Come, let's sit.

Bettina	Thank you.

Linda	Bettina is it?

Bettina	My full name’s Albertina.

Linda	Do you usually lie, Albertina?

Bettina	No ma'am.

Linda	You did lie to me today.

Linda	 I don't have much time for liars. 

Linda	I find them a bit sad.

Bettina	I am really sorry for that. 

Bettina	It's not in my nature to do that 

Bettina	but...

Linda	But you were desperate. 

Linda	I can see it in your eyes. 

Linda	I can smell it on you.

Bettina	Very desperate.

Linda	Desperation and ambition in my business are often similar.

Linda	I'd like to know which one are you. 

Linda	Desperate,

Linda	or ambitious? 

Bettina	I'd like to find out.

Linda	Me too. 

Linda	My son, the new MD, is looking for a PA. 

Linda	I think you would be good for him.

Bettina	I won't let you down.
