olistene	huh?

olistene	(panting)

olistene	(gasp)

olistene	hmm...

olistene	ahh!

olistene	ouch

olistene	no one said it was going to be easy.

olistene	ah!

olistene	(laughing)

olistene	yes!

olistene	let's go home. hiya!

crowd	(bussiling townspeople talking)

father	(grunting)

father	hmmm

father	(laughing)

father	(whistling)

father	(laughter)

porter	(heavy breathing)

father	huh?

olistene	grrr

father	uhhh?

father	hm!

father	(happy humming)

olistene	(frantic panting)

olistene	no. i don't have time for this nonsense.

porter	(playful laughter)

porter	huh?!

porter	uh…

olistene	it's working

olistene	oh no!

olistene	(coughing)

porter	huh?

olistene	(coughing)

olistene	that wasn’t the recipe either

olistene	(coughing)

olistene	oh. too many petals?

olistene	not enough sea salts?

olistene	perhaps the oil needs more olives?

olistene	next time i'll have to leave the windows open

porter	what happened grandmother?

olistene	who? oh, it's you

olistene	(coughing)

olistene	none of your business

porter	(grunts)

father	(whistling)

father	(chuckles)

mother	wash your hands porter

porter	(sighs)

porter	yes mom

porter	grr

olistene	did you invite my mother in for breakfast?

father	uh. whatever olistine is doing out there in her workshop, she doesn't want to stop for us.

father	huh?

father	(nervous chuckle)

mother	uh huh.

father	what? i rang the dinner bell and porter heard it all the way from the field.

father	i… i didn't want to uh, bother her.

mother	i know she can be a little… um… stubborn, but you can't let her intimidate you.

father	i know.

mother	uh hem, is that all?

father	oh. oops!

mother	much better. thank you.

mother	dear, your hat.

father	oh!

father	(joyful laughter)

mother	i'm worried about her. she's always been busy being the only lantern maker in the valley.

mother	but this year has been harder on her with her shaking sickness.

porter	what's the shaking sickness?

father	it's uh...

father	see your,uh, grandmother is… well, she's old.

mother	now i see why she doesn’t eat with

us.

mother	(sighs)

mother	you know her hands hurt her more than she let's on.

father	um. uh huh.

mother	i know how to help her!

father	you do?

mother	porter can join her for the rest of the day

mother	it would be good for her to have some company in her workshop.

porter	mmoommm.

father	are you sure about that?

father	i mean if olistene needed any help wouldn't she just ask?

father	uhhh… right. probably not.

mother	she promised to pass along along the family trade to porter, just as her grandfater did for her.

porter	she promised for next year, and there's one whole day left to this year

mother	only one more day? so why not start today?

father	(nervous laugh) you should know better than to argue with a pregnant woman.

mother	(growling)

father	i mean, uh, listen to your mother.

mother	that's right.

mother	(struggling sounds)

mother	uh.

mother	now, you be good son, and don't forget to bring your grandmother her breakfast.

mother	honey are you ready?

father	yeah. i'll take the wagon out front.

bookmaker	hmm?

sad sack	(soft crying)

keelan	what a beautiful day for a race.

pigs	(pigs oinking)

keelan	good morning friends.

sad sack	(whimper)

keelan	huh? who are we all betting on today?

smiley	(girlish giggle)

smolder	(low grunt)

keelan	(nervous chuckle)

bookmaker	final bets!

keelan	ok universe, it's time to step up!

porter	dad?

father	uhhh… i have to get your mom. you'll probably be fine. good luck!

porter	uh.

olistene	go away. im busy.

porter	i… i brought you your breakfast.

olistene	porter?

olistene	they would send you.

olistene	come inside then. since neither of us have a choice.

olistene	are you coming in or not young man?!

olistene	close the door.

porter	i brought you your breakfast.

olistene	leave it there.

porter	uh…

olistene	this time i'll use one more of these and one less of those.

olistene	here we go!

olistene	ah ha!

porter	woh!

porter	i've never seen a blue fire before.

porter	what is this?

olistene	yahh!

porter	(coughing)

porter	grandmother! are you alright?

olistene	(coughing)

olistene	oh no.

porter	let me help.

olistene	i don't need help.

porter	is that medicine for your hands?

olistene	it's… it's something to calm my nerves.

porter	does it work?

olistene	for a short while at least.

porter	maybe you should eat something.

olistene	i don't have time. if i stop now i'll never discover the secret.

porter	the secret?

olistene	yes, a secret! and do you want to help?

olistene	then i have just the job for you.

olistene	(mischievous laugh)

porter	uhh...

bookmaker	i'm surprised to see you again keelan.

keelan	well good morning to you toosunshine.

bookmaker	what could you possibly have to be so happy about?

keelan	huh?


bookmaker	you have no job, your clothes are falling apart and your wife left you months ago. for what? a baker?

keelan	(sobbing) she says that he's stable. stable! i'm stable! how stable can he be with that giant baker's hat? one gust of wind and whoosh! splat! he'd fall right under his own grinding wheel.

bookmaker	what are you doing here keelan?

keelan	sigh. the same thing i've done all year.

bookmaker	oh, so making a losing bet?

keelan	har har. this time i'm making a winning bet!

bookmaker	do you have any coins?

keelan	mmm, nope.

bookmaker	then what are you going to buy a ticket with?

keelan	this!

bookmaker	what is this?

keelan	my house. my emplty, lonely house. the universe has taken everything else away from me.

bookmaker	your house?

keelan	i've never been more sure of anything in my life. my year long streak of bad luck is finally coming to an end.

bookmaker	it's yours to lose. who's the lucky pig today?

keelan	right.

keelan	ok universe. it's just you and me now. give me a sign, and let me know which little oinker to pick.

keelan	a sign.

keelan	any sign.

bookmaker	final bets!

keelan	come on.

keelan	(oink) that one!

porter	it's clean.

olistene	good.

porter	are you making more lanterns to hand out tonight?

olistene	they're all made. one for each and every soul in the valley. what do you think i do all year while you're out playing ball?

porter	oh.

porter	is this blue oil the secret you were talking about?

olistene	yes.

porter	what is it for?

olistene	it wouldn't be a secret if i told you, now would it?

olistene	(pained struggling)

porter	can i help you grandmother?

olistene	oh i must be tired. it's making my hands shake.

porter	of course you can help.

porter	oh!

olistene	the light is holding!

porter	is that the old fortress?

olistene	oh, of course not. it's only an old painting.

olistene	not again.

olistene and porter	(coughing)

olistene	that wasn't the secret recipe, but it's close!

porter	now what?

olistene	i try again

olistene	while you...

porter	(grunting)

olistene	(chuckling)

crowd	(excited talking)

keelan	(slow motion) noooo!

keelan	come on! run! run little pig! go! get the carrot! my house is on the line here,

keelan	(sobbing) you're killing me.

crowd	(cheering)

smolder	(grunting)

sad sack	(sobbing)

olistene	hmmm. huh?

porter	uh! uh!

father	huh?

olistene	(gasp)

father	(grunting)

porter	that's the last one dad.

father	si, uh… what's going on in there son?

porter	i'm not supposed to tell. grandmother says it's a secret.

father	okay, you listen to olistene. that's the best thing to do. yup, that's the best thing to do.

porter	the wagon is full. do you think we can find the secret in time?

olistene	we will if this contraption of ours works.

porter	how do you know one of these is the secret recipe?

olistene	oh, it has to be one of these. it has to be. these are the only possible combinations of ingredients left. are you ready to start?

porter	ready grandmother.

olistene	grandmother is so formal. why don't you call me nona?

porter	ok nona. i'm ready!

olistene	now porter!

olistene	they're all working!

olistene	yes! yes!

olistene	oh no! no. no!

father	(happy humming)

father	(nervous humming)

father	eya!

father	(happy humming)

porter	(heavy breathing)

porter	can we try again nona?

father	wagon's loaded! all abouard who's coming aboard.

porter	oh, it's time to go. don't worry nona. we can get the secret next year.

olistene	(pained straining)

olistene	yes, yes. there's always next year. you're a good bou porter. go tell your father that i'll be out in a moment.

porter	okay.

olistene	huh? what's this? one light is holding?

olistene	there is still a change!

olistene	hurry up or we'll be late! there are dozens of lanterns to hand out before midnight.

olistene	(happy chuckle)

keelan	ugh. did we have to do this tonight on new years eve?

bookmaker	uh huh.

keelan	you've officially made this the worst year of my life.

keelan	oh don't go putting this on me keelan.

bookmaker	everyone else only gambles with what they can afford to lose.

bookmaker	come on in guys. tonight, we sleep in a bed. (laughter)

bookmaker	enjoy the festivities keelan.

crowd	(busy chatting)

father	that's one coun for me and one for your daughter.

olistene	i've saved two of my very best for you.

father	woh, these look strong. think they might make it all the way to the moon tonight?

father	(awkward laughter)

father	i'll uh... i'll go.

porter	why do we only give you one coin? that's not much for a whole year of work.

olistene	i asked my own grandfather that very question.

porter	what did he say?

olistene	he said that traditions like this festival are the glue that holds people together. and his time was a small price to keep the whole valley happy.

porter	oh.

olistene	between you and me, i like the attention. it's nice to have everyone come to you. even if it's only once a year. especially at my age.

olistene	(laughing)

olistene	here's the last lantern, just for you. one for every person in town.

keelan	(coughing)

olistene	now go find your parents. it's almost time to start.

porter	i can wait for you nona.

olistene	oh, don't worry about me. i'll be right behind you.

porter	okay nona.

olistene	(panicked breathing)

olistene	it's almost time. i have to hurry.

keelan	good evening olistene. i'm here for a lantern.

olistene	(gasp) a lantern?

olistene	oh, of course! uh, one moment please, uh, young man.

olistene	(frantic panting)

keelan	uh, just let me find that coin. i know i have one here somewhere.

olistene	uh huh.

keelan	aww, who am i kidding? i don't have a coun. i don't have anything left. i lost it all betting on pigs

olistene	pigs you say?

keelan	i should have stopped, but i thought i could win it all back. (big sigh). do you ever feel like the universe is working against you?

olistene	it sounds like you're the one working against you.

keelan	my wife said that too! just before she left me. but i couldn't stop myself. the race track kept calling me back.

olistene	uh huh.

keelan	keelan. keelan. come back keelan. this time you'll win for sure.

olistene	here you are. and don't worry about the coin. i have a feeling this new year is going to hold a second chance for both of us. or at least for me. a second chance? i sure could use one of those. thanks 

keelan	olistene! olistene?

keelan	a second chance. a second chance.

keelan	huh?

keelan	grrr!

keelan	which way was it?

keelan	everything looks so different at night.

keelan	huh!

keelan	yes!

mother	huh! oh! the baby!

mother	where is my mother?

father	(dumbfounded) darr... i... umm…

porter	nona said she would be right behind me.

mother	porter, go find her. she can't be far.

porter	i will mom. i'll find her.

olistene	now i find out if the old stories are true.

olistene	yes... yes.

olistene	the device in this statue somewhere.

olistene	hmmm.

keelan	oh no.

porter	nona! the baby's coming! nona, where are you?

olistene	i have no idea what to do.

keelan	my second chance.

mother	(panting and gasping)

olistene	oh no.

olistene	hmm. looks like this may fit right here.

olistene	it's a stone lock! and the bronze lantern is a key.

olistene	now if this is a key, i'll need to turn it.

olistene	not that way huh? how about this way?

olistene	(grunting)

olistene	it's working! oh no you don't!

olistene	(grunting)

porter	(gasping) nona. nona! where are you?

porter	the old fortress? just like in nona's painting.

olistene	(grunting) this is hard work.

olistene	(coughing)

porter	second chance.

porter	(breathing hard)

keelan	oh no. no. no!

keelan	(sobbing)

mother	(gasp!)

father	uuhhh! huh, huh, huh.

olistene	ugh!

porter	the secret...

porter	nona!

olistene	porter?! (coughing)

olistene	uhhh… ugh.

porter	nona?!

keelan	(reversed sobbing)

keelan	second chance.

porter	(breathing hard)

mother	huh?

father	(grunting)

father	(chuckles)

father	(whistling)

olistene	(happy giggle)

olistene	it worked! it actually worked! the old stories were true!

father	huh?

father	happy new year olistene?

olistene	and a happy new year to you too, son!

olistene	(mwuh)

father	oohh... uhh...

olistene	i feel as if the weight of an entire year has been lifted from my hands. hm, you would look so handsome with a great big beard.

father	you know what? i was thinking about growing one.

keelan	i'm off to work honey.

keelan	let's get that blood flowing! eeya hah. it's going to be a good year! no. a great year! i can taste it in the air.

keelan	hmm?

keelan	what's this now? pig races?

keelan	(whistling)

pigs	(pig noises)

father	duhh... i um...

mother	are you alright? what happened?

father	oh.. well olistene… kissed me. and she called me son.

mother	she did what?

olistene	are you two talking about me?

mother	oh! uh, good morning.

mother	wash your hands porter.

porter	(groans)

porter	humph.

porter	woh!

father	(laughter)

porter	no! i don't need to be picked up. i'm. almost. eight.

porter	(laughter) my little man.

mother	(sigh) mother?

olistene	yes dear?

mother	i've been, huh. dear? (grunt) your hat?

father	oh! (hearty laughter)

mother	well we've been talking and we think it's time for porter to learn the family trade. for you to teach him how to make the paper lanterns.

olistene	do you?

porter	what? i'm just a kid.

mother	you said it yourself son. you are almost eight.

porter	that's not what i meant.

olistene	yes.

mother	before you answer, i've prepared a list.

olistene	i will.

mother	ah hem. first item. you yourself were younger than porter when great grandfather began teaching you.

mother	wiat. what did you say?

olistene	i said, i agree. i'll apprentice the boy in the family trade.

mother	you will?

olistene	on one condition.

mother	what?

olistene	please give him one more year.

olistene	i was too young when grandfather started teaching me. and beside, i feel more than healthy enough to handle this year by myself.

porter	yes, i'm only 7 now. give me another year mom?

mother	alright. next year then. honestly, i didn't expect you to say yes so quickly. i spent all night writing this list.

olistene	i know better than to argue with a politician.

mother	oh! speaking of which. i don't want to miss the first council meeting of the year.

father	would you like a ride to town council woman? my wagon is at your service.

mother	oh, well, sir! (girlish giggle) how could i refuse?

porter	(blech) gross

olistene	(laughing)

olistene	i finally found the secret of the valley grandfather. the old stories of the fortress were true. now my lantern is made of bronze instead of paper! and i never have to let it go again!

olistene	(chuckling)


keelan	so i bet on which little pig i think will win in a race?

bookmaker	for the fourth time… yes.

keelan	well how do you make them run?


bookmaker	i use the carrot on the stick method.

keelan	ingenious! here are some coins. oh wait, uh, what happens if i pick the wrong pig?

bookmaker	if you lose today, there will always be another race tomorrow.

bookmaker	now, which pig do you like to win?

keelan	i'd like that one to win please.

keelan	that was a waste of time, and  coins. i won't be going back to those pig races anytime soon. the universe has spoken and i'm listening. tomorrow it's right back to work. that's a sure fact!

keelan	come on! run pig run! get that carrot!

olistene	heh! uh.

father	(coughing)

keelan	(strained breathing)

mother	(giggling)

porter	(heavy breathing)

porter	(heavy breathing)

porter	(heavy breathing)

porter	oh no.

father	huh?

mother	oh!

olistene	(pained grunting)

mother	(gasp) oh my!

mother	(retching noise)

porter	huh!

mother	(laughing)

olistene	hmm..

olistene	huh!

olistene	(pained grunting)

keelan	(sobbing)

keelan	(groaning)

keelan	huh?

keelan	hmm?

keelan	oh no! (sobbing)

keelan	grrr!

bookmaker	ahh. (laughing)

keelan	grrr. ha!

keelan	urgh!

bookmaker	(dramatic laughter)

olistene	(strained grunting)

olistene	doh. uh!

olistene	(coughing)

olistene	don't you judge me with those eyes. i have to do it again!

father	(grunting )

father	wagons loaded. all aboard who's coming aboard!

crowd	(bustling chatter)

father	woh, these look strong! think they might make it all the way to the moon tonight?

father	(awkward laughing)

olistene	ugh.

father	i'll go.

olistene	your father makes the same bad joke every year.

porter	why do we only give you one coin? that's not much for a whole year of work.

olistene	it's because i love my work so much.

porter	oh.

olistene	now here's your lantern porter. go find your parents. it's almost time to start

olistene	(gasp) oh my!

olistene	i have to hurry.

keelan	good evening olistene. i'm here for a lantern.

olistene	ooohh. how did i forget you again?

keelan	forget me? again?

olistene	you look for your coin while i find you a lantern.

keelan	(groans) who am i kidding? i don't have a coin. i don't have anything left.

keelan	you ever feel like the universe is working against you?

olistene	the universe made you bet on pigraces?

keelan	you heard about you heard about that huh?

olistene	oh gee. forget the coin. take this and enjoy the festival.

keelan	uhhh… olistene? i don't mean to sound ungrateful, but do you think this lantern will fly?
keelan	olistene?

olistene	(grunting)

keelan	good evening olistene. i'm here for a lantern.

olistene	i have your lantern right here.

keelan	just let me find my coin.

olistene	forget the coin.

keelan	oh. thank you.

olistene	how can you make the same mistakes every year?

keelan	every year? i don't understand.

olistene	you always have the same excuse. how the universe is working against you.

keelan	well... i...

olistene	the universe didn't make you bet your house on a pig race.

keelan	news sure travels fast around here.

olistene	life doesn't happen to you, keelan. you have a choice in what you do.

keelan	but... what if i keep making bad choices?

olistene	then take responsibility and stop doing it!

olistene	(pained grunting)

keelan	are you alright olistene? your hands are shaking. maybe you should sit down.

olistene	uh, no. i don't have time for this nonsense. you'll never do anything different.

keelan	is that your lantern? let me help you down to the water.

olistene	i'm not going to the water. and i don't need your help.

keelan	you're not going to the water?

olistene	hiya!

keelan	where are you going?

keelan	(heavy breathing)

keelan	(gasping for air)

keelan	wow!

olistene	you'd think this part would get easier after so many times.

keelan	what is happening right now?!

olistene	huh!!

olistene	what are you doing here?

keelan	i didn't know there was anything in this old pile of rocks.

olistene	you can't be in here. you have to go!	

olistene	no! (grunting)	

keelan	hmm... this is an old hmm... this is an old calendar isn't it?

keelan	but why are you turning it backwards?

keelan	unless... you're reseting the year somehow.

keelan	that's what you meant about me making the same mistakes over and over.

olistene	how did you figure that out so fast?

keelan	im right? really? i learned the story of the old fortress as a kid, but i wouldn't have dreamed it was true.

olistene	i don't have time for this. you'll have to come back with me.

keelan	ok! now we're talking! do you need some help?

olistene	stop asking me that! i…don't... need... any... help!

porter	grandmother?

olistene	no.

keelan	who's the kid?

porter	what?

olistene	come here porter, and stay close to me.

crowd	(bustling chatter)

father	urgh.

father	uhh..

father	hmm.

father	(hearty chuckle)

father	(humming marrily)

olistene	huh. oh no! now what am i going to do?

olistene	huh!!! where's porter?!

mother	stop playing with your tooth porter. you'll make it loose.

porter	you're not pregnant anymore mom?

mother	pregnant?

porter	is my baby sister upstairs?

mother	baby sister? what has gotten into you today?

olistene	(nervous laugh) it sounds like someone wants a baby sister.

father	(playful laugh) how about it honey?

father	looks like breakfast will have to do for now.

mother	dear?

mother	your hat?

father	oh!

father	urrgh

father	(laughter)

porter	huh? what happened to your beard dad?

father	you know what? i was thinking about growing one.

mother	i've been… we've been talking. and we think it's time well… i've wrote this list of reasons for porter to

olistene	uh, allow me my dear. i believe it's high time for porter to learn the family trade of lantern making.
mother	what? really?

olistene	oh, he'll be turning eight soon.

porter	but i already turned eight.

porter	ouch! uhh…

olistene	and that's far older than i was when i started with my grandfather.

mother	this is so… surprising! that would be wonderful!

olistene	and what time is better than the present?

porter	mommmm?

mother	listen to your grandmother and do do what she says.

porter	uhh...

olistene	we'll be taking the wagon.

olistene	did my mother just volunteer to teach our son?

father	i guess you stayed up all night writing that list for nothing huh? (chuckles)

olistene	let me enjoy this for one moment please.

porter	what happened last night? how did i get my tooth back?

olistene	well... the last night you remeber wasn't actually last night.

porter	uhh... what does that mean?

olistene	i'll explain it on the way. i have to find someone, and i'm not letting you out of my sight. not for a moment.
olistene	now, where do i begin?

olistene	do you know the story of the old valley fortress?

porter	only that it was destroyed by an army. and now we have a lantern festival about it.

olistene	oh, there's a little more to it than that. long ago, the farmers of this valley lived under the protection of a mighty stone fortress. a fortress with a secret!

porter	a secret?

olistene	mm hm.

olistene	somehow they knew exactly when any disaster was going to strike the valley. any disaster.

olistene	floods

olistene	famines

olistene	or fires.

porter	how did they know what would happen?

olistene	that was the power of the secret if a disaster struck, they would restart the year.

porter	just like we did last night. with the blue light.

olistene	that's right.

olistene	and because they knew exactly what was going to happen they could prepare before it struck again.

porter	i remember losing my tooth, but it's still here.

olistene	that's because you haven't lost it yet.

olistene	just as your father hasn't grown his big beard and you haven't had your eighth birthday.

porter	and how mom isn't pregnant with my baby sister.

olistene	uh... yes. that too.

keelan	i have a house?

keelan	coins in my pocket?

keelan	my wife is back?

keelan	no! she never left!

keelan	could it be that the universe finally took pity? and it's given me.

keelan	a second chance.

porter	why did that army destroy the fortress?

olistene	they were jealous neighbors from the other valley's who wanted the secret for themselves.

porter	why didn't the people share it with them?

olistene	because it was too powerful for just anyone to use. they had to protect it.

porter	but isn't that selfish?

olistene	selfish?!

olistene	who knows what the others would have used the secret for.

porter	if the poeple knew they were going to be attacked by an army, why didn't they restart the year and prepare for that?

olistene	the army came on new years eve. so they didn't have a chance to use it. by the next morning the fortress was burned. and the secret lost.

olistene	it was lost! until i found it! now it's mine to protect.

keelan	you don't remember me at all?

bookmaker	should i?

keelan	i gave you the deed to my house! last night!

bookmaker	if i had a house

pigs	(oinking)

keelan	it's as if last year is happening again and only i know it! ah! the universe is giving me a second chance.

bookmaker	are you betting or not mr. universe?

keelan	oh, yes i am!

keelan	and i know just the little oinker who's going to win this race.

porter	grandmother, i don't remember any disasters?

olistene	what's that? disasters?

porter	if you restarted the year again, like in the old days, what disaster are you saving us from?

olistene	oh... well… i... umm…

porter	and if we're the only ones who know, shouldn't we tell someone?
	
olistene	we can't do that. we have to protect it. to keep the secret, secret!

olistene	who knows what they would do with it.

porter	not even mom?

olistene	no. not even mom. no one can know! you have to promise me you won'ttell anyone about the secret. ok?

porter	uhhh..

olistene	your mother told you to do what i said, didn't she?

porter	yesss.

olistene	promise me you won't tell anyone porter.

porter	ok grandmother, i promise.

olistene	that's a good boy.

porter	what about the man? the one that was in there with us?

olistene	he's the reason we need to find a pig race!

porter	a pig race?

porter	what?

porter	pig racing?!

porter	why didn't i know about this?

olistene	it's not something you want to have anything to do with.

porter	(panting)

porter	huh!

porter	(laughing)

olistene	keelan?

keelan	huh? olistene? you found me fast. this is amazing! thank you! oh, thank you!

olistene	don't thank me. why would you come back here to make the same mistakes again?

keelan	mistakes?

olistene	your wife always leaves you because of this place.

keelan	always? how many times have you used that lantern?

olistene	enough to know what im talking about.

keelan	i know something too. i may have bet on all the losers last year but i also remember each and every winnder.

keelan	ah ha! my wife won't leave me when i'm rich!

olistene	i didn't use the lantern to make you rich.

keelan	i notice your hands aren't shaking anymore. that's why you do it, isn't it? restarting the year makes your hands healthy again.
olistene	huh!

keelan	 look, you can stop worrying olistene. i'm not going to tell anyone about this… gift. it's between you and me.

keelan	you go your way, and i'll go mine. you won't even see me again if you don't want to. agreed?
olistene	fine. agreed.

bookmaker	grrr. hey!

porter	huh?

bookmaker	you there. keep your boy away from the pigs.

olistene	we were just leaving. come on porter. we're done here.

keelan	yes!

porter	can i come back?

olistene	no. and don't tell your mother i brought you here.

porter	(panting)

porter	uhh...

porter	ah!

porter	(grunting)

porter	ahhh...

olistene	here. sweep the floor.

porter	grr.

porter	uhhh!

porter	(panting)

porter	did your grandfater teach you about the secret of the fortress?

olistene	not all of it. but what little was known was down through the generations

olistene	i worked for a long time to discover this special blue oil.

olistene	when i finally found it, it was almost too late for me.

olistene	(chuckle) besides, my grandfather had no interest in learning the secret.

olistene	he took the new years festival very seriously.

olistene	did you know that our family has been making these lanterns since the very beginning? back to when the fortress was destroyed and the farmers began the festival.

olistene	oh

porter	why are the lanterns made of paper?

olistene	we make  the lanterns out of paper so they are  light enough to float.

olistene	and, we let them burn to remind us that, like the old fortress, nothing lasts forever.

olistene	(chuckles) when i was your age i never wanted to let my lantern go.

porter	what's the point of holding onto something that's meant to float away?

olistene	how did you get to be so wise?

keelan	uh.

porter	ouch!

olistene	let me see that finger.

porter	but you made it look so simple.

olistene	simple does not mean easy.

keelan	uh.

sad face	(crying)

smiley	(giggling)

smolder	grrr.

porter	oh no!

olistene	uh!

porter	(coughing)

olistene	(laughing histerically)

keelan	uh.

keelan	(maniacal laughter)

bookmaker	argh!

porter	wuh!

olistene	hmm… huh, uh. (laughing)

porter	(chuckles)

keelan	ahhhh.

keelan	huh?!

keelan	(panting) urgh.

keelan	what?!

olistene	(pained straining)

olistene	hmm. you have such beautiful eyelashes.

porter	huh, what?

olistene	all the girls at school must be jealous. they come from your fathers side of the family. all you'll get from me is my moustache.

olistene	(giggle)

porter	uhh...

olistene	(chuckles) oh don't you worry. i'm much too old to care about things like that.

keelan	huh?

pigs	oinking.

porter	huh!

mother	(chuckles)

olistene	(pained straining)

mother	mother? you're crying?

olistene	uh, i'm just happy my dear.

pigs	oinking.

keelan	(sigh) so you're probably wondering what has wondering what has me so down aren't you?

keelan	well... she left me!

keelan	my wife left me, for the baker, again!

keelan	she called me selfish. said i spend too much time at the pig track. but it's not as though i was losing. i was winning this time! what more does she want?

keelan	i tell you, all i need now is a second chance! a second, second chance!

pigs	(oinking)

keelan	if only there was some ancient fortress secret that would let me live this year all over again.

keelan	(evil laughter)

keelan	huh?

keelan	(sigh) why does everyone always leave me?

keelan	hello olistene.

olistene	huh?

olistene	oh, it's you. you appear to be doing well... for yourself.

keelan	oh, this old thing? huh... how about you olistene? what's that doctor's medicine for? is your shaking sickness back?

olistene	it's nothing. just something to calm the nerves.

keelan	i see. look, i'll get to the point. it's almost the new year, and i'm ready and willing to do whatever you need to restart it again.
olistene	i haven't decided if i'm going to.

keelan	(laughing) you're trying to get rid of me, aren't you?

keelan	haven't i left you alone until now? you don't have to worry about me hanging onto you all... next year… new year... next, new, loop year… whatever you call it.

keelan	we do the lantern key thing and then go our own ways again. snap snap

olistene	i really don't need the help. thank you.

keelan	you don't need? well i need you to do it again! what can i do to change your mind?

olistene	it's my choice to make!

olistene	(sigh) just be happy with what you have. let's go home.  hiya!

olistene	done! and one day early too!

porter	how do you know this is enough?

olistene	it's enough if all of the shelves are full.

porter	where do i put yours then?

olistene	mine?

porter	well... you didn't count yourself so i made a lantern for you!

olistene	huh! oh my. this is very well made! you must have spent a lot of time on this.

porter	we'll have to add another spot next year too!

olistene	for who?

porter	for my baby sister.

olistene	uh... oh yes… of course. for your baby sister.

olistene	since we're finished in here, how about i show you my favorite spot in the valley?


porter	woohh! you can see the whole valley from up here. that's our house over there, and that's where i play ball!

olistene	come here for a moment porter. i'd like to talk to you about something important.

porter	what is it?

olistene	do you know why i restarted the year?

porter	does it have to do with you hands?

olistene	hm, you noticed that did you?

olistene	well my own grandfather had the same shaking sickness. it's the reason he began teaching me when i was younger than you.

olistene	there is no cure for it. and the year after he got it was… well, it was not kind to him.

olistene	i'm afraid that my hands will become like the branches of this tree. moving without any say of my own. subject only to the blowing of the wind.

olistene	that i won't be able to work at the lanterns anymore. that i'll become… useless.

porter	i'll help you with the lanterns from now on.

porter	you won't ever be useless.

olistene	hm. you're going to be a good big brother.

porter	big brother? does that mean your not going to restart the yearagain?

olistene	i've had such a wonderful time with you this year. i don't want to throw it away. and besides, i'd like to finally meet i'd like to finally meet my grand-daughter.
porter	do you promise grandmother?

olistene	(laughs) i promise! and please, call me nona from now on.

porter	then i always promise to take careof you nona.

olistene	whatever did i do to deserve a boy like you?

mother	dear? you hat?

father	oh!

father	(laughing)

keelan	hmm.

keelan	(panting)

keelan	uh!

olistene	huh! the cabinet?

olistene	my bronze lantern is gone!

keelan	not gone. it's right here.

olistene	keelan!

olistene	what are you doing?

keelan	i'm here to ask you to restart the year again olistene.

olistene	then the answer is no. i've made a promise to never use that lantern again. and i intend to keep it.
keelan	no?

olistene	it's my choice to make. you've made your own. now we both have to live with the results.
keelan	hmm. we all learned the old fortress stories as children. how they selfishly kept the secret to themselves. that it led to an army marching to their walls. and as i recall...
keelan	it didn't end well for them.

olistene	what are you saying?

keelan	what if the whole town knew that the old stories were true? that you've been keeping them all in this loop year. without any choice of their own. over and over and over again.

keelan	you wouldn't want your daughter to know how many times she's been pregnant would you?

keelan	what would she think of dear old mom then?

olistene	huh! you couldn't be that cruel.

olistene	(pained struggling)

keelan	if your hands are paining you now imagine how much worse it will be without the help of friends or family.

keelan	once they learn the truth, they'll all leave you. like my wife left me.

olistene	when will it end for you? how many times will be enough? if your wife wants to go, let her!
keelan	like how you let it go? for so long?

keelan	your the one who told me not to just let life happen to me, but to take control! that's what i'm doing right now! this is good for both of us. i get my wife back and you get your health. huh. i don't want to threaten you olistene.

keelan	i want to offer you a helping hand.

keelan	now, how do we make the blue fire?

crowd	(bustling chatter)

olistene	(gulp)

father	here you go olistene. that's one coin for me and one for your daughter.

olistene	i've saved my very best for you two.

father	oh, these look strong. think they might make it all the way to the moon tonight?
father	(laughing)

porter	ugh, does dad always make that joke?

olistene	ugh, yes. always.

olistene	now here you are young man. go join your mother and father. i'll be right behind you.
porter	you promised. remember?

olistene	i remember.

olistene	see? here's the lantern you made for me.

porter	okay nona. ill go ahead.

keelan	good work on the little boy. i think he actually believed you.

keelan	come on now. he won't even remember that you broke your promise when we're done.

olistene	what are you doing?

keelan	i'm driving the wagon!

olistene	do you know how?

keelan	how hard could it be? yah!! let's go!

keelan	we're not moving. why aren't we moving?

olistene	oh, it feels like we're moving.

olistene	huh uh! oohh.

olistene	oh no!

keelan	don't worry olistene. you're not going to need that tonight. (evil laughter)

porter	huh! nona's gone!

father	nona?

porter	grandmother!

mother	what do you mean gone?

porter	with the wagon!

father	my wagon?

mother	where would she go?

porter	there's something i wasn't supposed to tell you, but… it's important.

mother	uh ahh!

father	huh.

mother	the baby!

keelan	(grunting)

olistene	it would be faster to walk.

keelan	we're. not. walking.

mother	a pig gambling man has taken my mother to the old fortress? to restart the year?

porter	it's true. you have to believe me.

father	restarting the year?

porter	and if we don't stop them, my baby sister won't be born.

father	no one. no one is going to stop my baby girl from being born!

father	where is this pig gambler now?

porter	at the old fortress. but it's going to take us too long to get there.

father	let me worry about that son. you steer us in the right direction.

porter	steer?!

father	raarr!!

porter	no! not that way!

father	hrraa!

mother	huh! oh!!

father	back! back! how do you make this thing go back?

keelan	hrraa!

keelan	heeyy.

keelan	hey. hey! urrrr. uh. (panting)

keelan	we made it.

keelan	i got us here in time!

olistene	huh! you're shaking worse than my hands.

keelan	come on you.

keelan	huh?

keelan	i remember glowing blue flowers in here. are you sure we're doing it right?

olistene	you need more light.

keelan	hmm… ouch!

keelan	wow! there they are.

olistene	yes, yes. all very impressive i know.

keelan	you had the lantern over here. like some sort of key. uh.

keelan	ah ha! it's working!

keelan	i understand! you have to turn it back the full year.

keelan	(struggling)

keelan	back to before my wife left me.

keelan	for

keelan	the baker.

keelan	this time

keelan	i'l figure out

keelan	how to

keelan	keep her.

olistene	(sigh) i made a promise. a promise to porter.

keelan	almost there. (panting)

keelan	only

keelan	one

keelan	more

keelan	turn.

keelan	huh?

keelan	what are you doing? it's too late to change your mind now olistene.

olistene	no! i'm done living in the past.

keelan	well i'm not. (grunting.)

olistene	ahh!

olistene	no!

keelan	now it's too late.

father	(growling)

porter	that's him dad. the pig gambler.

father	you don't get to take my little girl.

keelan	what?! little girl?

father	rawr!

keelan	(high pitched scream)

porter	nona! you promised!

olistene	no no no! i can't let it happen. not again.

olistene	(grunting)

keelan	i told you, it's too late!

keelan	(insane laughter)

olistene	uh, oh.

olistene	(pained struggling)

olistene	no!

olistene	we have to let our lanterns burn.

olistene	to remind us that nothing lasts

olistene	forever!

keelan	(sobbing)

olistene	(struggling) uh.

porter	nona!

keelan	hm. this is good.

father	uh, glad you like it.

keelan	umm... got any salt?

father	here.

keelan	thanks.

father	you're welcome.

keelan	(sighs) i'm still surprised you brought me into your home after what… what i almost did.
father	can't hold almost against ya.

father	beside, it wasn't you who restarted the year over and over and over again on your family and everyone you knew without them ever knowing. (growling)

keelan	no, i guess not. but olistene had her reasons.

father	(sigh) i suppose so.

keelan	she told me once, or maybe twice.

keelan	i had to take responsibility for my choices. i didn't understand what she meant at the time but looking back, now i do.

father	hmm.

keelan	huh. at least i have my house to go back to.

keelan	my empty house.

olistene	pish posh.

father	wuh, what was that?

keelan	i guess we could ask her.

olistene	(coughs) i said, pish posh. you'll stay here.

keelan	really?

olistene	we've all made our own mistakes keelan. but those are in the past. for good this time.

father	and i can always use another hand in the field.

father	uh!

olistene	only you have to promise to keep him away from the pigs.

father	(laughing)

keelan	(nervous laughter)

porter	look nona, i lost my tooth again.

porter	oh ho! would you look at that. did you, come down here for anything else porter?

porter	oh yeah! mom is ready to see you now.

olistene	mmm... is she still angry with me?

father	i wouldn't bring up the whole resetting the year thing if i were you.

keelan	i'll stay here.

olistene	don't worry, we'll come back to you.

keelan	thanks olistene. for everything.


porter	nona's here.

mother	please, come in.

mother	(chuckles) come closer. and say hello to your grand-daughter.

olistene	she's beautiful!

olistene	(giggles) and look, she has your eyelashes porter.

mother	her name is…

mother	olistene.

olistene	(gasp)

olistene	you... you

porter	she's named after you nona.

baby	(baby crying)

??	hello little olitene and welcome to the family.

??	i kept you waiting a long, long

??	time, haven't i?
