

(BORN A CHAMPION)


DIRECTOR	And roll sound please.

INTERVIEWER	All right. So just be thinking of anything you’d like to include while we set up. We’ll be ready to get started in a just a minute.

ROSCO	All right.

INTERVIEWER	Do you know anything about his parents?

ROSCO	A few things.

INTERVIEWER	Good.


INTERVIEWER	Because we couldn't find anything. And we also couldn't find any military records for a Mickey Kelly.

ROSCO	(Chuckles) Yeah. There's a reason for that.

INTERVIEWER	Which is?

ROSCO	How much time you got?

INTERVIEWER	As long as it takes. We're rolling. Okay, just start by telling us how you two met?

ROSCO	I met Mickey Kelley later on in our lives. Back in 1991 when he’d just gotten back from Desert Storm. He retired from the Marines. I was working at a restaurant called “The Patio” ...valeting cars. Mick was just a customer. When this asshole cut in line, wanted me to get his ride first. When I said no, he started calling me names. Shit like ‘beaner’ and ‘taco'…bro fight broke out. Before I knew it Mick jumped in, pulled the guy off me, but the guy had friends with him. I tried to help but...fuck. (Laughs) Mick had it under control. He wiped the floor with all of them. Crazy thing was he never threw a punch. And that was it. It was over. I thanked him. And afterwards...I went around and got his piece-of-shit car, brought it to him…and then that dude he looked me right in the eye...and he said 'thanks a lot taco.' Now I saw what this guy could do, but I just had to fucking ask him 'what did you just call me'? And I think he was a little surprised by my tone but he said…'hey sorry man I thought them was your friends and they was calling you taco.' After that he just broke out into the biggest grin…and he became the best friend I ever had.

INTERVIEWER	Was Mickey Kelley really that amazing of a fighter?

ROSCO	People seem to think that the Holy Grail of MMA videos is the Hickson Gracie versus Yoji Anjo fight…it's not. It's Kelly versus Blaine. And people think that it didn't happen, that just makes me laugh. Cause I was there. It all happened back in the early 90's before the sport even had a name.

STEWARDESS	Water.

WOMAN	Thank you.

STEWARDESS	You are welcome.

WOMAN 2	Did you see this article?

STEWARDESS	Here is your water.

MRS. MILLER	So when we got to the airport…they told us our flight was overbooked… which left only one open seat in first class. And I wanted my husband to have that ‘cause it supports his back a little better.

MICKEY	Well I just had to ask because for a minute there I thought he was upset because I was bad company.

MRS. MILLER	No and it may seem very silly but...I miss him. We're on our way…

MR. MILLER	to Dubai to celebrate our fiftieth...wedding anniversary, it’s where we met.

LAYLA	Oh wow. Wow fifty years. Congratulations.

MRS. MILLER	Since our...last child left for college…we haven't been apart more than 4 or 5 hours at a time.

MICKEY	Wow. Maybe the person sitting next to him with swap chairs with you. Excuse me. Pardon. Sir do you happen to know who's seated in the chair next to you?

MR. MILLER	A real nice young lady...and she's heading back that way.

MICKEY	Is that right. I appreciate it sir. Thank you. Hi.

LAYLA	Hi.

MICKEY	I…uh...shit…uh...you're in seat 5F right?

LAYLA	Yeah.

MICKEY	Well look I know it's a long shot but any possibility you'd be willing... to trade...

LAYLA	Relax. I already told Mrs. Miller…I'd give her my seat.

STEWARDESS	Ladies and gentlemen...

MICKEY	So uh…you uh…you gals in some sort of beauty pageant or something?

LAYLA	No, no we’re doing this modeling shoot for this new fur company in Dubai.

MICKEY	You're a fashion model?

LAYLA	No…well…it's my first time. The law office I work in they represent this modeling agent and he was nice enough to give me the opportunity.

MICKEY	Oh okay. So are you a lawyer?

LAYLA	I'm a paralegal...actually, but it's kinda just like a backup plan.

MICKEY	A backup plan. So what's the main plan then?

LAYLA	To be a stay-at-home mom. Once I meet my husband of course. What? Why are you looking at me like that?

MICKEY	No, no you just don't hear that everyday. (Laughs) That sounds good.

LAYLA	So, what about you? What brings you to Dubai?

MICKEY	I'm…I'm just going to teach.

LAYLA	Teach what?

MICKEY	Uh combatives. It’s like martial arts. Specifically the martial arts called Ju Jitsu. It's a Brazilian variation.

LAYLA	Is it like karate?

MICKEY	No ma'am it's nothing like karate. It's…to the laymen it would look like uh…Olympic wrestling.

LAYLA	Uh huh.

MICKEY	The only difference being you get your opponent to concede either…physically or verbally by chokes, joint locks, bone manipulation and...stuff like that.

LAYLA	God, that sounds horrible.

MICKEY	No, no, no, no it’s not horrible it's easy. I mean if something goes wrong they tap and match is over. It's...it's relatively safe. It's not...

LAYLA	Really? It's safe? Well what happened to your eye then?

MICKEY	Okay, well, that was an accident. Normally things like that don't happen.

LAYLA	So you teach real fighting, huh?

MICKEY	Yes ma'am.

LAYLA	You know I gotta say, I do not like fighting. I don't like watching it. When I was a kid, my cousin got into it with this other boy and…both ended up all bloody and…it was awful. I'll never forget it.

MICKEY	Well if it makes you feel any better I don’t train to start fights, just end ‘em if I need to.

LAYLA	I guess that make me feel a little better yeah.

MICKEY	Well good. Good. I’m Mickey, by the way.

LAYLA	Layla.

MICKEY	Layla. It's very nice to meet you Layla.

LAYLA	It's nice to meet you too. Oh my God did I drool on you? I'm so sorry.

MICKEY	It's okay, it's okay. I didn’t have the heart to wake you up so...

LAYLA	Oh my God…did we land...land already?

MICKEY	We did. Yeah.

LAYLA	I need to get back with the group, a shuttle’s picking us up. I’m at the Scorpione hotel. Layla Boudreau. Look me up.

MICKEY	I will. Shit.

PASSENGER	Write it down. Don't screw this up son.

MICKEY	Welcome. First of all I'd like to thank you all for joining me here today and really big thanks to Amin's father for facilitating this lesson. He flew me out all the way from the United States of America. Taught about something that I'm very passionate about. Maybe...that passion will become contagious and...you all will adopt it into your lives as I have mine. I had the opportunity to learn Brazilian Jiu Jitsu straight from the source. So I will my best to pay homage to my sensei professor Enzo Gracie. So, let’s get started. So I will need a volunteer. Who wants to...Amin! Please join me up front. I really...appreciate the opportunities. Thank you, thank you very much.

SHEIKH BIN KHALID	Thank my son. He is the one introducing me to this Brazilian Jui Jitsu.

MICKEY	Well he is an excellent student. Very eager to learn…as well.

SHEIKH BIN KHALID	He’s eager to learn to defend himself against his big cousin.

MICKEY	Right.

SHEIKH BIN KHALID	Mr. Kelley, tell you are as good as he says you are...why do you not fight?

MICKEY	Well it's plenty of times in life when we're forced to fight as it is. You know I...do my best to not supplement that number you know.

SHEIKH BIN KHALID	Then why do you do it at all?

MICKEY	It's help me, changed me even. Been a sort of medicine for me in a lot of ways.

SHEIKH BIN KHALID	I see.

MICKEY	Plus I think everyone needs a little…meritocracy in their lives. And the Jiu Jitsu mat’s just that you know. Once you clap hands and to there’s no hiding. That mat is gonna expose every lie...confirm every truth with each roll. It truly holds a mirror up to you, right in your face every single day. And I love that about it. Um...I’m sorry…sir, I just recognized a friend of mine. would you…could I…just briefly go say hello?
 

SHEIKH BIN KHALID	Of course. Please.

MICKEY	Be right back sir. Layla? Hey.

LAYLA	Mickey. Hi. Hi it's uh...it’s good to see a friendly face.

MICKEY	Yeah I uh…looked for you at...the hotel but they didn't have your name.

LAYLA	Yeah they put all of us under our host’s name. He's some Greek...fur magnate. I don't even…I can’t even...pronounce his name.

MICKEY	Is everything okay? Because you seem upset…

LAYLA	Uh...

STELIOS	You must…return to the table and apologize right away.

LAYLA	He deserved it.

STELIOS	Miss Layla...in Dubai, a woman does not touch a man...let alone strike him...

LAYLA	But he's allowed...to touch me all he wants wherever he wants?

STELIOS	You misunderstand the customs here and you’ve caused him tremendous embarrassment.

LAYLA	I don’t care if he’s embarrassed. He...he deserves it!

STELIOS	If Mr. Kostopoulos wants to…discuss modeling work over drinks...then you must oblige. Please...return to the table right now...or you will be in breach of contract.

MICKEY	Listen, buddy…I’m sure we can work something out here.

DIMITRIS	(Speaking in Greek SUBTITLES) Who is this?

STELIOS	Who are you, sir?

MICKEY	Just a friend of hers why?

DIMITRIS	What do you do in Dubai?

MICKEY	I work for Sheikh Bin Khalid.

DIMITRIS	Ah. Oh, you are employee of his highness? What do you do? Kitchen supervisor? Dog walker? Secretary!

MICKEY	No sir...I teach Jiu-Jitsu.

DIMITRIS	Ah yes. Alvah here, he doesn’t like Jiu- Jitsu. Why do you not like it? I forget.

ALVAH	Is for... how you say? Faggots.

LAYLA	Look, Mickey...don’t worry about me. I’ll take care of it. I don’t want to cause you any trouble…

DIMITRIS	Yes, Mr. Mee-kee, please go. Allow me talk to have a conversation…with my employee.

MICKEY	Do you want to talk to this guy?

LAYLA	I'll be fine.

MICKEY	I'll be sitting right over there.

DIMITRIS	Layla...please come and sit. We must have a discussion.

SHEIKH BIN KHALID	So I see you met...Dimitris Kostopoulos. My cousin help him start a tiny fur market. Now he basically runs the entire trade. One of wealthiest non-Emiratis in the city. Do you know the girl?

MICKEY	Yes sir...I…I just met her...on the flight over. But...

SHEIKH BIN KHALID	She's a prostitute.

MICKEY	No. Sir…with all due respect...

SHEIKH BIN KHALID	It is the truth. Dimitris likes to hire beautiful Western women and pay them...fifty thousand dollars to come here and model for his private line of fur. And when they get here...they are encouraged to do more...and they always say yes. You see his bodyguard Alvah? Ex-Spetsnaz. Also a Israeli martial arts expert...in uh “Krav Magoo”...

MICKEY	It's Maga sir.

SHEIKH BIN KHALID	Excuse me.

MICKEY	It's a Krav Maga.

SHEIKH BIN KHALID	Dimitris claims he has killed eight people with his bare hands.

MICKEY	Would you pardon me one more time...sir. Excuse me.

STELIOS	So here...how it goes. If you do not apologize to Mr. Kostopoulos…and spend a little time with him, we will de-fund your return ticket...and you can find your own way back to the United States.

MICKEY	You know, sir...I can’t help but feel like you might have been tryin’ to insult me...with the stuff about the "dog walker and the "kitchen supervisor”...Or did I take that the wrong way? Because if you want to insult me, have the courage to just do it sir. don’t hide it behind words that can be taken more than one way.

STELIOS	Look...I don’t know who the hell you think you are...

DIMITRIS	Stop it! Do you know who I am?

MICKEY	No sir I don't. I just know I don’t like you...very much. Layla, would you like to leave?

DIMITRIS	You are making…me very upset…and when I get upset...Alvah gets very mad, and he will be…here any second.

MICKEY	No sir... I don’t think he’s coming back.

WAITER	Call a doctor...quickly!

SHEIKH BIN KHALID	Salaam aleikum, Mr. Kostopoulos. Is my friend troubling you?

DIMITRIS	No.

SHEIKH BIN KHALID	I think it’s time we go Mickey no? Please give me a moment and I’ll meet you out front.

MICKEY	Yes sir.


SHEIKH BIN KHALID	Now I could not…hear what you were saying...but I do recognize that look. So let me tell you this. Mr. Kelley is my friend. And I know that you are friend of my cousin. But he has many…I do not. You are a guest here. Don't forget it.

MICKEY	Your excellency please believe me when I tell you…I meant no disrespect to you here...in your home...

SHEIKH BIN KHALID	Stop it Mickey. I insist you stay here one more week...and teach me Brazilian Jiu Jitsu.

MICKEY	I'd…I'd be happy to get you started...sir. I'm flattered actually. Could you possibly do me one huge...favor? Could you get her the first flight home?

SHEIKH BIN KHALID	Done.

RAPPER	The sounds of the bong bring me to another morn. It's on, come on ain't nothing wrong. The pimpin and the slangin aqui it's just the norm. It's the borderline, just a rick skip away from El Paso to Juares (Speaking in Spanish) The bridge...

LAYLA	Hello.

ROSCO	Hey good afternoon.

LAYLA	Are you a friend of Mickey Kelly?

ROSCO	Maybe. Who's asking?

LAYLA	I’m Layla... I met him a few weeks ago in Dubai. I was hoping I could get ahold of him but I didn't get his number. But he…he mentioned this shop and he...told me about you.

ROSCO	Told you about who, specifically?

LAYLA	You...you know he said you were his best friend.

ROSCO	He give you a name?

LAYLA	Okay. Um...this is what he said it was. Taco? Oh my God! I’m…I'm...I'm so sorry! I shouldn't…I shouldn't have...come here…

ROSCO	Hey...I'm just kidding. I'm totally just kidding…I'm Taco.

LAYLA	Oh!

ROSCO	Yeah. He called me yesterday, he sounded jet-lagged. He was supposed to be here an hour ago, but he hasn't shown up yet.

LAYLA	Oh…did he happen to mention me?

ROSCO	Uh...no.

LAYLA	Yeah…okay. I…I gave him my number, but I guess...I guess I shouldn’t have assumed that he...don’t tell him I came here okay. I feeling a little bit...embarrassed by all of this.

ROSCO	There he is. Now he shows up.

LAYLA	Oh my God, now he's gonna...think I'm some stalker or something.

ROSCO	No what…what's going on?

LAYLA	If he wanted to talk to me he would have called. I think I just misread all of it. Please just don't tell him I'm here...

MICKEY	Taco!!

LAYLA	Please.

ROSCO	Hold on. Hey bud.

MICKEY	Hey.

ROSCO	Good of you to finally join me.

MICKEY	Sorry I'm late man, I overslept. I'm still pretty…pretty jet- lagged from the trip you know.

ROSCO	How was it?

MICKEY	I met a girl.

ROSCO	Arab chick?

MICKEY	Nom no, no she’s from North Carolina. She's...

ROSCO	White girl.

MICKEY	Yeah...She's fucking beautiful man. And uh I…I got her phone number, you know she wrote it down and it was on the night stand right in the...hotel and I looked at it every night before I went to bed and on the night before my flight to come home...it was gone you know. But I told her about you.

ROSCO	Is that right.

MICKEY	I told her about the shop.

ROSCO	Hum.

MICKEY	Well I mean…fuck she's probably...she's probably waiting for me to call her you know.

ROSCO	Yeah maybe.

MICKEY	You know what I'm talking about…never believed in that love at first sight...crap they talk about in the movies. I mean it's like you say about music...it's in the bottom end.

ROSCO	Yeah.

MICKEY	Brother she fell asleep...with her head on my chest for five hours. All right I couldn't move...But I felt her heart brother. And it's strong and it's got that base you talk about. Easy bro. You sound like an infatuated little bitch right now.


ROSCO	Any chick hears you talking like that...they're gonna totally fucking own your ass.

MICKEY	Taco I would marry this girl. I would marry her…I swear to God after knowing her 10 minutes. You know you hear people talk about…the one. Okay she's mine.
 

ROSCO	Let’s go eat man. I’m fucking starving.

MICKEY	You're not even listening to me.

ROSCO	Totally am bro just let me get my wallet. Oh sorry about that.

MICKEY	I'll be in the car.

ROSCO	I was not expecting him to be such a...sissy about it. Hey…you okay?

LAYLA	Yeah. Yeah. I um…I never um...I've never heard anyone say about me exactly what I feel about them you know. (Crying)

ROSCO	She left her number...and I gave it to him the next day.

MICKEY	Hey

LAYLA	I thought I may have missed you or something...

ROSCO	And that was it...Those two were fucking inseparable after that. Layla got a job as a paralegal.

MICKEY	Excuse me guys. Pardon me...

ROSCO	Mickey continued bouncing at this local bar and training when he could. There weren’t any standalone Jiu-Jitsu schools back then, so Mick and some other guys just rented mat space at a McDojo.

INTERVIEWER	“McDojo”?

ROSCO	You like you know, some other places you go to and order chicken nuggets and you get that real chicken. But then you go to Mickey Dee’s and what you're getting ain’t even real.

INTERVIEWER	I get it.

ROSCO	I married them...myself in bay number 2 of my shop. Now by the power invested in me, in the name of Jesus Christ, I pronounce you…husband and wife. You may kiss the bride. It was just us. Neither of them had any real family to speak of. I did the interior for you guys.
 

LAYLA	I have surprise for you.

MICKEY	Yeah? What?

LAYLA	Close your eyes.

MICKEY	Okay.

LAYLA	Hold out your hand.

MICKEY	(Laughs) Why...

LAYLA	Closed…keep your eyes closed.

MICKEY	Okay, okay, okay...okay, okay. Yeah?

LAYLA	Yeah.

MICKEY	You know I never really known what I wanted. But I do now. I want my son to have all the stuff I never had. And I want to start by making sure he’s got a Godfather.

ROSCO	Me?

MICKEY	Of course you man. Come on you’re the best friend I got on the planet.

ROSCO	Mickey’d been through the foster system so he wanted to be sure there was...no chance of that ever happening to his kid.

MICKEY	Hello?

ROSCO	A few months later, he gets a call from his friend in Dubai after he’d seen an early UFC event.

MICKEY	It's great to hear from you.

LAYLA	Who is it?... But this isn’t just grappling, right? This is like a...real dangerous fight like on TV?

MICKEY	Well yeah, it's no holds barred.

LAYLA	I just don't understand why didn't you ever fight in one of those before?

MICKEY	I never really had a reason you know. This is 25 grand just to show up. That’s a down payment on a house for us.
 

MICKEY	It’s another 75 grand if I win.

LAYLA	Babe I don’t know if I…

MICKEY	Babe...I can win.

ROSCO	Mickey’d been offered to compete in an eight man tournament, along with Marco Blaine. Marco was a top contender for the Vale Tudo Championship belt and one of the best strikers in the world. Where's a real challenger? Mickey was just a prodigy at ground fighting. I'd never seen him tap. and he rolled with some of the best in the business-like Pitt. That dude was in the fucking Olympics.

MICKEY	You all right?

PITT	But this fight wasn’t gonna be on TV. Now if you remember back in those days most states had banned MMA fights, because...John McCain and some other senators, they thought it was…was too violent. As a matter of fact…one of the first American promoters, Dick Mason, he went…and testified in Washington.

ASSEMBLY MEMBER	You’re wasting your time testifying. You can’t even call that crap a sport…world's already got real athletes.

MASON	Mankind has always been intrigued with finding its best athletes. We’re a competitive species...hell, we’ve even invented games to try and measure man. McGwire and Sosa can park more balls over a center field fence than the rest of the planet, Shaq can slam dunk over most anybody's head. Mike Tyson can touch anyone’s nose without them even seeing him flinch. Impressive. All of them. But uh, make no mistake...outside of the rule of law…they'd all be doing my athletes’ laundry.

SENATOR	In this sport there's no headgear...no gloves. It's bare knuckles on the side of your head.

MASON	The gloves are only there to protect the hands…and in fact only insure that the punches continue. And as far as headgear…although it prevents cuts, the downside of that is that it does allows for repeated concussion to the brain.

PITT	Sanctioning an MMA fight was kind of like, had us back up against a brick wall but yo once that Pandora's Box was open…people were hungry for it.

ROSCO	So these rich Arab guys started putting on their own tournaments in the desert, gladiator-style. Literally just saying...“I want to see this guy and this guy fight”, offering them money, flying them out. We all flew to Dubai for the event and I...I was to be in the corner...of my best friend.

ARAB DOCTOR	Breathe in for me. Breathe out.

ROSCO	He was...more than ready. And there wasn't any doubt in my mind that if he...got to fight Blaine and could get him to the ground...he’d annihilate him.
 



ARAB DOCTOR	All is good.

MICKEY	Okay. Thank you very much doctor.

ROSCO	Hey, doc. I saw you make a face just now. Why’d you make a face?

ARAB DOCTOR	There are eight men in this tournament. Seven of them have a resting heart rate of 85...and one of them as a rate of 42. Your friend is either very confident…or very naive.

ARAB REF	And the winner... Marco Blaine! Next we have Mickey Kelley from the United States. And Tadashi Yamamoto...from Japan. Gentlemen...you may begin.

MAN	(Speaking in Japanese)

ARAB REF	And our winner by submission at 54 seconds...Mickey Kelley! For the first... match of our semifinals we have Mickey Kelley from the United States. And Razak from Nigeria. Gentlemen, begin!

ROSCO	Nice. There you go! Bring him down, bring him down!! There you go!

ARAB REF	The winner by...submission...Mickey Kelley!

ROSCO	Everyone was hoping it would come down to Marco and Mickey. And they got their wish. After Mickey's first two fights, Mickey was heavily...favored to win. And not just by me.

ARAB REF	For our main event, we have...Mickey Kelley from the United States. And Marco Blaine, from Brazil. Gentlemen…begin!

ROSCO	Mickey went down immediately...with his hand still reaching…for that handshake that was never coming. We had an agreement...that I wouldn't throw in the towel unless he was unconscious. Mick I'm throwing in the towel!! I shoulda' listened to her. It was one of the most vicious beatings...I'd ever seen in my life. He was never even in the fight. Mickey suffered a broken eye socket and detached retina. He also had a partial detachment in his right eye...and was at risk for losing his sight all together. He would never be medically cleared to fight again. His son...was born a month later on his 40th birthday. And in a strange way, it couldn’t have happened at a better time. With all the pain and the depression he was going through it just…vanished when the Kyd was born. The next few years there was no talk about fighting. Just got a new job and focused on being a dad. They were getting by. Until around late 1998 when MMA was fighting to get sanctioned in the U.S.

MICKEY	Red Dragon Dojo...Yes ma'am. Yes ma'am I can get him. Just one second.
 

ROSCO	Our sport was incorporating rules and becoming legit…going mainstream pretty quick. But I knew that sooner...or later, seeing the guy that took so much from him on all the magazine covers…would probably start to get to Mick.

JIMMY	More commitment Veronica. Nice Chelsea.

MICKEY	Hey uh Jimmy.

JIMMY	Yes Michael! What?

MICKEY	It's your girlfriend.

JIMMY	What the hell does she want? All right guys keep it up guys, I’ll be right back.

ROSCO	After pushing a broom during the day, Mick would pick up extra cash by teaching private lessons in the evening.

MICKEY	Okay another (Inaudible) of what I've already taught you but now I'm going to throw them…at random. Speed it up a little bit okay? Ready? Fold the wrist first. Good job. Fold it first. Palm over knuckles, elbows together yeah beautiful, beautiful! Nice! Good job...good job, good job. Daddy's home!

LAYLA	Hey. Hi.

MICKEY	I think I remember having a son…when I left for work.

LAYLA	I wonder where he is.

MICKEY	Huh. Maybe he left for college. Where are you little shit!

KYD	Daddy can you...tell me the story of mommy's famous chicken?

MICKEY	You want daddy to tell you that…story again? That's a good story. I wanna say it was 1492.

LAYLA	Oh. It was a really long...time ago.

MICKEY	Mommy and daddy were sailing...the ocean blue with their friend Chris.

LAYLA	Columbus?

MICKEY	I think that's…it rings a bell. We were looking for a place called America because that's where they were having the chicken finger...world championships but we only had...one chicken left.

KYD	Mommy says it's not true.

MICKEY	It is true. Mommy's just being humble. Remember what daddy says, we never let the world see us beating our chest. That's mommy..

LAYLA	Well Mommy appreciates how much daddy likes her cooking but that story…no. (Laughs)

MICKEY	But they are the best chicken fingers in the world. Finish up your supper dude.

KYD	Okay.

MICKEY	I love you dude.

KYD	Love you.

MICKEY	Hey. What's going on?

LAYLA	You’re working tonight, aren’t you?

MICKEY	Yeah.

KYD	Will you tell me about him again?

MICKEY	Saint Sebastian?

KYD	Yeah, is he dead?

MICKEY	Why he's not dead. But he was shot full of arrows and left for dead, but because of his incredible fortitude and endurance…he survived. That’s why he’s the patron Saint of soldiers and athletes...because he never once gave up. Pretty cool huh?

KYD	Uh huh.

MICKEY	Let's say our prayers and go night night okay.

KYD	Okay.

MICKEY & KYD	Angel of God, my guardian dear, to whom God's love commits me here; Watch over me throughout the night...and keep me safe within your sight.

KYD	Amen.

MICKEY	Amen dude. Jerome!

WOMAN	Chill!! No, no!!

MICKEY	Gentlemen. How's everybody doing over here?

TOUGH GUY 1	We're doing all right. How can I help you?

MICKEY	Can I ask you gentlemen to move to the other end of the bar? Happy to buy you a couple rounds on me.

TOUGH GUY 2	I think I'm pretty comfortable right here.

MICKEY	I understand that...but if I can't get you to the other end of the bar I'm going to have to ask you to leave. And I don't want to do that. We want everybody to have a good time.

WOMAN	Thank you, these guys won’t stop hitting...hitting on my boyfriend...

TOUGH GUY 2	Shut up you stupid bitch!

MICKEY	Whoa, whoa, whoa. No, no…Fuck sake...Jerome!

JEROME	Sorry man.

MICKEY	Get him out! (Groans) Fuck!

LAYLA	I knew it was gonna happen, sooner or later. I never wanted you to go back to that job.

MICKEY	Baby there were two of them. And fucking Jerome wasn't even paying attention.

LAYLA	It doesn't matter. You know what every single doctor has said. You could lose that eye.

MICKEY	It's the only time it's happened in the last two years. I gotta keep bouncing until I can build my student base. There's no other way to pay for Kyd's school.

LAYLA	Well there are plenty of other preschools...

MICKEY	Yeah cheaper. Not better. I wanna give ya'll the better stuff.

LAYLA	Look babe...I can just go back to the law office then if that's what we need to do…

MICKEY	What so we can ear money to pay someone else to raise Kid no. No we're not doing that...

LAYLA	Bouncing is not a risk you should be taking.

MICKEY	I get in a car every day, don’t I? That's a risk...come on.

LAYLA	It's not the same thing.

MICKEY	Don't, don't...don't do this.

LAYLA	No this, this isn’t just about money...I can see it in your eyes. This is about you...needing to satisfy this…this “competitive urge”…it is or whatever it is you call it. You want a fight! You were looking for a fight. Don't leave come on!

ROSCO	Again? Yeah. I see him walking up now.

MICKEY	If I find some more students for privates, I wouldn’t have to bounce, but they all want an instructor who’ll roll hard with them occasionally you know and actually throw. She's not going to be okay with that.

ROSCO	Well Mick your doctor said that you really shouldn't…

MICKEY	Come on the doctors are exaggerating you know. They're just trying to protect themselves from lawsuits. I got hit the other day and nothing happened. Come on. A little hard rollin' is not gonna hurt anything.

ROSCO	Maybe you could try doing something where you don’t have to get hit the face on a daily basis?

MICKEY	Jiu-jitsu’s all I know…Taco. It's the only thing I'm good at man. I spent my whole life trying to build a value to society in hopes that someday I can trade little bits of it and maybe get some money to someday start a family. I can't loose that. Without that I'm mediocre man. And I'm scared shitless of being mediocre.


ROSCO	These two were hysterical. Mick wouldn't even make it past midnight because Layla would come and get him…every time. They couldn't be mad at each other for more than a couple of hours.

MICKEY	Lets go home.

LAYLA	Yeah.

JOSH	Mr. Kelly?

MICKEY	Yeah.

JOSH	We saw this fight on TV, and this one...guy did this move...I was wondering if you could show it to us.

MICKEY	Yeah...yeah sure. Your neck...is inside this triangle right here. When I apply pressure it's actually going to collapse the carotid artery, it restricts the blood flow...to the brain and your training partner is going to either ask you to stop or he's going to go unconscious. So just...get your hand ready. When you feel it you tap okay?

JOSH	Okay.

MICKEY	You ready?

JOSH	Uh…yeah.

MICKEY	Okay here we go. You okay?

JOSH	Yeah. Can’t you cause brain damage?

MICKEY	No. I mean only if you hold the choke well after your training partner goes to sleep. But we're gentlemen I mean we don't act like that.

JOSH	That's horrible.

MICKEY	Mellow down's even worse. So you hide his hands underneath. Now your training partner doesn't even have the opportunity to tap. It's not the nicest thing in the world to do but uh...

JIMMY	I’ll have to...remember that next time I find myself...with a dude between my legs. Josh, what are you doing?

JOSH	I...I’ve been thinking about learning how to grapple. I mean all the MMA guys use some form of it... at least the guys who win.

JIMMY	Their rules favor ground fighters. Many techniques not allowed in MMA, like bites...eye gouges...easily stop a grappling attack.

MICKEY	Listen Jimmy he just asked me to show him a position I meant...no disrespect...

JIMMY	I don’t know why you keep wasting your time with the gay wrestling shit.

JOSH	Guys lets get out of here.

JIMMY	What I’m teaching keeps them on their feet...and their opponents on the floor.

MICKEY	I know I understand.

JOSH	Yeah but what if someone surprises you from behind, takes you down?

JIMMY	Well, Josh...it depends on the type of attack. Tries from the back I have elbows to the face...or if he tries to tackle me from the front...I can drop elbows right on their spine, or I can box his ears. Whatever.

MICKEY	Yeah that would uh…that would probably hurt.

JIMMY	Oh, you don’t think it’d get you off me?

MICKEY	I didn't say that Jimmy...

JIMMY	Huh? Old man...Why don't we try it. Huh? Why don't we try it. Come on. You gonna stand there and you're gonna tell...my students that my techniques don't work. Glove up and prove it.

MICKEY	Not telling your students anything Jimmy. Okay.

JIMMY	Hey no one has to get hurt. Soon as you’re ready to stop, just you know...tap out. You’re used to that, right?



MICKEY	Gentlemen, it's time to go. I got a lot of cleaning to do...before class tomorrow. Let's go.

JIMMY	Come on Mick.

MICKEY	Now! Come on.

JIMMY	(Chuckles) Joke.

MICKEY	Let's go guys.

JIMMY	Come on Mick! What are you afraid of a little demonstration?

MICKEY	See you tomorrow.

JIMMY	What are you doing?

MICKEY	You wanna know what I teach? I’ll show you what I teach. You wanna know why I think what you teach is garbage? I’ll show you that too. Hell, I’ll even give you a roadmap…of what’s gonna happen. I’m gonna close the distance to clinch without so much as taking a scratch, I'm gonna take you to the ground, I'm gonna mount you, I'm gonna turn you over, take your back and then I’m gonna choke you unconscious. And then just so you don't think it was a fluke, we’re gonna do it all over again…and I’m gonna do the exact same thing…in the exact same order, and there’s not...a goddamn thing you can do about it.

JIMMY	Okay. You just know if you get too close, I'm throwing for real.

JOSH	What is going on?

JIMMY	I’m throwing with bad intentions. Okay, pal. Let’s rock. Son of a bitch! Oh!! Oh fuck you!

JOSH	Did you see that?

JIMMY	Fuck you! Let’s go again pal! Come on! Let's go!! Come on bring it!!

MICKEY	Daddy's home!

KYD	Hi, daddy!

MICKEY	Hey dude.

LAYLA	I am armed.

MICKEY	Mmmmmm. No, you're not…you're unarmed.

LAYLA	What has gotten into you?

MICKEY	He's watching TV.

ROSCO	All I had to do was log onto one of those forums. But nobody was online that much back then. I mean shit, we still had dial up if you can remember that. Anyway…turns out some interesting stuff went down in Dubai a few months earlier.

REPORTER	So who do you think will be a real challenge?

MARCO	I don't have any real challenge all year. I run this division. All my fights the same…I win, I win, I win. This guy don't try win me. You just try…

AMIN	Whoa!

FIGHTER	I'll take you on right now!! Come on right now!! (Groaning)

MASON	Get the fuck off my stage!

MARCO	Well maybe...Mr. Mason would be a good challenger. But it's never a good idea to fight your boss. Screw that guy!

TAREQ	What are you so mad about, Amin? He's the best, show respect.

AMIN	It's manipulated...They're trying to make him like Mike Tyson so they can make money. Seriously bro, where do you come up with this crap? Why doesn't he fight Miletich then? Bro, he'd kill Miletich. Miletich would mangle him.

TAREQ	No Blain's punches are fucking dangerous man.

AMIN	Whatever. He's a cheater anyways.

TAREQ	Oh. So, he's a cheater now huh?

AMIN	I'll show you.

TAREQ	Wait what? Your dad has tapes of his tournaments?

AMIN	Yeah I found them a few months ago. He used to keep them...in the safe but now they're just...

TAREQ	Who's this...big guy? He looks bad ass. White dude's gonna get his ass rapped.

AMIN	Oh yeah? He was my instructor when I was a kid.

TAREQ	Oh shit.

AMIN	You think that guy could beat Blaine?

TAREQ	(Speaking in foreign language) (SUBTITLES) Shoot…probably, yeah.

AMIN	Okay watch.



ARAB REF	…we have Mickey Kelley from... (Cheering) the United States. And Marco Blaine from Brazil.

TAREQ	No way. When was this?

ARAB REF	Gentlemen...begin!

TAREQ	What a minute. Was he still bowing?

AMIN	Yep.

TAREQ	Dude we gotta show my brother. He thinks Marco's a God.

AMIN	When's he back from London?

TAREQ	I'll just upload it to my site.

PHILIP	He wasn't even looking!

MAKMOUD	It's bullshit.

PHILIP	Back it up.

MAKMOUD	Bloody hell.

PHILIP	We should post on the forum. I bet it will get like a thousand views. Watch this!!! Www.fighttalkforumsusa.com Beefcake180- Posted just now!!!

SINGER	Squash it.

BURCHMAN	The whole point is it's been uploaded and ripped a dozen times over.

MASON	Oh get out of here. You can hardly see either of them from...the distance of this video. This thing could be a work.

BURCHMAN	Wasn't a work. This guy's good. And that is clearly your boy.

MASON	Let me tell you something. There is always some backyard theoretical fighter who thinks he can take on the pros. They never succeed, they never will. So bring me somebody else besides some fucking journeyman.

BURCHMAN	Your number one contender is on a six month damage suspension. You asked me who I thought would be the biggest draw. And you log onto any…one of these forums and you'll see that there's a ton...of buzz around this video.

MASON	So you want to give some...nobody a title shot. Because he got sucker punched by Blaine, what 6 years ago? Jesus the clown's lucky that...Blaine ended him so quickly.

BURCHMAN	You should watch the whole video, cause this guy's no journeyman...he is the real deal.

MASON	Oh says who?

BURCHMAN	People. People that know. And they're saying that Marco's claim to being undefeated is hollow…because of this fight. And as soon as this hits the magazines...it's inevitable. Everybody's gonna wanna see a rematch. Right? This is a story…this is the kinda story that dream fights are made of.

MASON	I don't finance people's dreams. I finance their do's.

BURCHMAN	Okay. This isn't his dream. He doesn't even know about it. I don't even know if he would accept the fight. Dude...just knda disappeared one day.

MASON	Who is he?

BURCHMAN	(Chuckles) His name's Mickey Kelley. Pitt knows him.

PITT	Personally I felt...sorry for him man. I mean…hell he had to be like forty something when I caught back up with him and you can't just go that many years without high level training and expect to be competitive. You know I mean at least not against anybody that's good so uh...you know Jiu- jitsu constantly evolves. And that’s exactly what I told Mason but you know...he insisted. Hello. Mick.

MICKEY	Is that Pitt?

PITT	Yeah.

MICKEY	How you doing?

PITT	What's good, brother. How you doing, man?

MICKEY	Good. It's good to see you.

PITT	You too, man. What the fuck are you doing here, man?

MICKEY	You know. Payin' some bills.

PITT	Yeah. Okay.

MICKEY	I heard about the new gym. I'm uh, I'm proud of you, man.

PITT	Thank you. Thank you.

MICKEY	I knew you'd do something with wrestling.

PITT	No shit, man.

MICKEY	So what's uh, what's...going on?


PITT	Travis, this is Mick. Mick meet Travis.

MICKEY	How are you, man?

TRAVIS	What's up, man? Nice to meet you.

MICKEY	It's very nice to meet you.

PITT	He's training with me for a little bit, you know. Looking to get him some fights. I want to get him some...more different styles, you know and uh… I was telling him that you was a slippery motherfucker back...in the day, so…

MICKEY	Well, I appreciate that, man.

PITT	I was just wondering if um…you mind rolling with him a little bit to see how he does?

MICKEY	Yeah.

TRAVIS	Yeah?

MICKEY	Right-right now?

TRAVIS	Yeah, I got my gear with me.

PITT	If it's okay.

MICKEY	Yeah. We could uh...

PITT	You want me to grab the broom or...

MICKEY	No. That's, that's...

PITT	Alright. Let's go.

LATER TRAVIS	You good?

MICKEY	Uh, yeah.

PITT	Alright, let's get it. Let's get it. Hey, watch your neck. Watch your neck. Watch your neck! Neck, neck, neck!

MICKEY	You alright?

TRAVIS	Yeah. I'm good. I'm good.

PITT	That's a good-that's a good warmup.

TRAVIS	You're good, right?

MICKEY	Yeah.

PITT	Hey. Close the elbow. Hey. Close the-close the elbow right there. Watch your neck, neck, neck! He's looking for--neck! Okay, man. Watch the fake. Nothin' there. Nothin' there. Little handplay right here. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Beautiful shot, Travis! Widen your base. There you go. Uh-huh. Yeah. Oh, he's reaching under. He's reaching under. Mother--Turn the corner. Watch the arm. Turn into him. Turn into him. Turn into him. No. Breathe. No, no. You're good. He's going for the...arm.

TRAVIS	Stop!

PITT	You alright?

TRAVIS	Yeah. I'm good, man.

PITT	Alright, man. Give it to him straight.

MICKEY	You know, I think you know you leave your neck dangling...on that shot. On the single uh...run the pipe quick. Uh, keep your elbows tucked just so I can't get the Kimura grip for your fore. This ain't nothing that Pitt kick away and fix, you know. It's uh…I mean, you clean those up, and you'll be, you'll be dangerous buddy, I promise you.

TRAVIS	Yeah, maybe I’ll do that. Thanks, man. I appreciate it.

MICKEY	Of course.

TRAVIS	Pitt, I'll see you outside.

PITT	Alright, T.P.

TRAVIS	(inaudible)

MICKEY	Is he alright?

PITT	You really don't know what the fuck is going on out in the world, do you?

MICKEY	What are you talking about?

PITT	Bro…that’s Travis Prince, man. He just won Brazilian Nationals. Look, I asked you before. What the fuck are you doing here? Oh, trust me. He's still got it. If he's injured, I can't tell.

MASON	Don't say anything to him just yet.

PITT	No. I won't mention it to him. I'm actually thinking about offering him a job, so I don't want his head to get too big if I do.

MASON	What do you mean? I mean, you think the guy's that good?

PITT	Well, I tell you what, if you do end up putting this fight together, my money is not gonna be on your boy.

MASON	What? Are you joking?

PITT	Yeah. Let me put it this way. If the fight goes to the ground, your man is fucked.

MICKEY	You know I would, man. Yeah.

LAYLA	Hey. What's going on?

MICKEY	So…you know, let me uh...let me talk to Layla about it, and I'll call you tomorrow. Alright? Okay. Talk soon.

LAYLA	Who was that?

MICKEY	You remember, you remember Pitt...right?

LAYLA	Terry? Yeah.

MICKEY	Well, he started an MMA training facility awhile back and...he'd like me to teach grappling. Baby, I wouldn't have to bounce any--

LAYLA	I am so sorry.

MICKEY	So am I.

LAYLA	Just promise me you're gonna be careful.

MICKEY	I will.

LAYLA	Okay.

MICKEY	Hey, Pitt.

PITT	On tight, on tight!

MICKEY	Pitt!

PITT	There he is. What's up, brother?

MICKEY	Wow.

PITT	Welcome home, baby.

MICKEY	Yeah.

PITT	Welcome home.

MICKEY	When your opponent switches base, head side, case on top, there's two options. One side's gonna be high, so if you…can turn into me. Now when I'm ready, I'm gonna hip escape out, and I'm gonna straighten that table. The table disappears...and I come to the top position. Yes. Yes, yes, yes. Beautiful. Where do his hands go? To his face. This hand is solely there to prevent me from closing the distance to you. Stop, stop, stop, stop. Not for your face. You guys leverage and efficiency.

PITT	He's right over there. Hey, Mick.

MICKEY	You guys, excuse me for one second.

KYD	Daddy!

MICKEY	You! Ho ho ho! I didn't expect visitors on my first day at work. What is happening right now? Oh! Choke. I tap out. Daddy taps out.

LAYLA	Okay. Okay. Well, we... wanted to come and see daddy's new office.

MICKEY	Thank you.

KYD	This is amazing.

MICKEY	Daddy thinks so too. I'm very excited about this...place.

KYD	Dad, when will I...get to fight?

MICKEY	Well, if everything goes according to plan...never.

KYD	Why?

MICKEY	Hey. Daddy's already taught you the self...defense aspects of jiu-jitsu...and that’ll get you out of just about any problem that comes up to you. But you’re not getting in a ring or a cage. Daddy wants you to have other options in life. All I learned is fighting. And I wish I had those options. But I…want you to be different.

KYD	Mr. Pitt...says kids my age can fight.

MICKEY	Oh, is that what Mr. Pitt says.

PITT	I don't really recall having that conversation with you...whatsoever.

MICKEY	'Cause I…think I recall having a conversation with Mister...Pitt and telling him, not my kid. The kid would never.

PITT	Never. Yeah, so when we were…talking…that--you weren't supposed to mention that, man.

KYD	I just had to.

MICKEY	I'll tell you what I do. Pitt, throw me the gloves. Yeah. Give me your hand. Put it in here. Right there. Look at that. When that fits, we'll talk about it. You understand?

KYD	Yes, sir.

ROSCO	And for a brief moment, every...thing seemed okay. But eventually…that video caught up with him.

MASON	Pssh… It’s me. Alright, call his manager... If the guy's even got one.

GROUP	Ooh! Oh!

PITT	Now he's gonna take him down.

GROUP	Ooh!

PITT	(inaudible)

REFEREE	The winner...by submission, Mickey Kelley!

ROSCO	That same day…I got a call from Brian Burchman. Some bigshot match maker. He gave me a a bunch of forums to check out. Sure enough, all... the talk was of Mickey being the only fighter that could possibly beat Blaine. The public was demanding a rematch. But Mickey was 46 years old and out of training. While Blaine…was 31 and at the top of his game, not to mention the other problem.

BURCHMAN	Your boy's becoming a legend. He'd be stupid not to cash in on this.

ROSCO	Yeah but he might have an issue with the physical. He’s got a bad eye.

BURCHMAN	Don’t worry. If he wants to fight, I got a doctor for him.

ROSCO	Look, it doesn’t matter what I say, I know he’ll want the fight. He's not the problem.

MICKEY	It's 75 thousand...dollars just to walk in the ring. That's more than I make in a year!

LAYLA	I don't care if it's a million dollars, I can't let you do it.

MICKEY	Okay, just let me finish--

LAYLA	No. For five years I have felt guilty for letting you do something so stupid.

MICKEY	Baby, I was young. I thought I could win. I'm older now. I know I can't win. I'll go there, I'll roll around, at the first sign of trouble I'll tap. And we'll go home with some money.

LAYLA	Do you really expect me to believe that when you get there, you can get in that ring with that fucking prick...and you’re gonna be able to resist the urge to give him...the ass kicking that he deserves? Really? Really. Okay. Go ahead. Look me in the eye and tell me that.


MICKEY	I can't. When you met me, I was great at something, I was confident and I was proud, and I had this thing that I carried with me everywhere. You take that away from me, and I'm…not the same. I'm not even…I'm not even a man anymore. I had somebody like that...for a dad. And I just don’t want that around Kyd. I need to face him.

LAYLA	Let me go. No. (sniffs) I was barely okay with him teaching privates, but this is just…

ROSCO	Crazy? I know.

LAYLA	Privates, no one is trying to hurt him, but in a cage, it's literally all they're trying to do.

ROSCO	(sighs) Maybe I can just--

LAYLA	But I love him. And it's a question he needs answered. So... if I don't let him do it, it's gonna eat away at him forever. He's gonna end up resenting me, and I will lose him anyway.

ROSCO	Now I know why you two are married. You’re just as nuts as he is.

LAYLA	Promise me on your…godson's head...that if I tell you to stop the fight that you will stop the fight. Thank you. Hey. Okay.

MICKEY	Okay?  I love you. A lot.

LAYLA	I know. Me too.

ROSCO	Before he even had a contract, Mickey started training his ass off.

PITT	What's this? Let's go, man.

ROSCO	You got it, baby.

PITT	Come on now, work, baby. Put in that work. Uh-huh. Keep working. Uh, here’s the reality of the situation. If you’re standing, you've got a life expectancy of 60 seconds okay? The longer you’re up, the more chances you got of getting hit. Alright, brother?

ROSCO	Building strength. Building speed.

TRAVIS	Come on. Push it!

PITT	Come on! You’re gonna need to close the distance and take him to the ground faster than…ever. And once he’s down, you don’t have unlimited time like you did in the old days, man. You got…five-minute rounds, so you're gonna have to submit him before the bell. On top of that, Marco’s been working on his ground game, so he’s not the same Jiu-jitsu newbie. We’re gonna give you the clinch strength of a goddamn silverback, boy. You hear me? So that when you’re on the ground, you're gonna manipulate him like a Gumby doll.

ROSCO	Working on techniques that would help his left side get protected as much as possible.

PITT	Forget the hell drop, okay? Don't worry about taking this back or nothing like that. Blaine knows you're a grappler, okay? He's expecting that. Take him over the top. Suplex.

ROSCO	While trying new strategies to keep Blaine on his toes. It was all pointless. Mason had fought so hard to bring the sport to the mainstream…that he couldn't risk having a fighter get…massacred on TV. So before officially announcing...fight, he brought in a real doctor for Mickey’s physical. Mickey passed everything with flying colors up until the vision test. There was no way Mick was getting cleared. That was March 8th of 2001. His car was at… my shop with a bad carb, so I’d dropped him off at the Doctor's. Layla was gonna pick him up. Me and Kyd were coming back from Hobby Shack.

KYD	Granny! Look what Uncle got me.

REPORTER	Ran a stop sign…

ROSCO	6pm...

REPORTER	…crashing into a Volkswagen Beetle.

ROSCO	I actually saw it on the news.

REPORTER	First responders are on the scene.

ROSCO	Yeah. Layla's death changed Mick in a way that…I'll never be able to describe. Never said it but...he felt responsible. It was all over his face. If only he hadn't...

IRATE DRIVER	Hey, dumbass! I'm talking to you! Hey, man, you alright?

MICKEY	No, I'm good.

IRATE DRIVER	You alright, bro?

MICKEY	I'm going.

IRATE DRIVER	Everything okay?

ROSCO	I think Kyd was the only thing keeping him alive.

MICKEY	Remember to tell your mom about the honor roll, alright?

KYD	Okay.

MICKEY	She's gonna be very proud of you. And tell her I had you try sushi, okay?

KYD	Okay.

MICKEY	You don't have to tell her if you thought it sucked. Keep that to yourself. Hey.

KYD	Oh. Thanks. Aren’t you coming?

MICKEY	No, you know... Uh, I came earlier today.

KYD	Oh.

MICKEY	So this is uh…just your time. You go, okay?

KYD	Okay.

MICKEY	And tell her you're gonna learn how to surf this summer! Huh? And that you love her! That we--(softly) that we love her, buddy. (exhales) Night-night, dude.

KYD	Good night. What about our prayers?

MICKEY	Yeah. Yeah, we can.

KYD	Angel of God, my guardian dear to whom God's love commits me here. Watch over me throughout the night. And keep me safe within your sight. Amen.

MICKEY	You know, I really appreciate how much you and your mom have helped out with Kyd.

ROSCO	Come on, bro. You're family. How you holding up?

MICKEY	Feels like a fridge fell on my chest, man. Feel like my lungs just aren't filling up properly when I breathe. And I don’t want Kyd to see me like this, you know?

ROSCO	You're being really hard on yourself. It's a tough thing you’re going through.

MICKEY	You remember what I told you about uh, about my dad?

ROSCO	Yeah, he walked out on you.

MICKEY	He killed himself. Right after he killed my mom. Life gave him a couple of hard knocks and he...took it out on us. I guess he couldn't provide for us, you know? So, he just, he just…fucking gave up. And he took my mom with him. And I'm…I'm fucking ashamed of that, man. When I got out of the military, you know, I took my mom’s maiden name. Legally. I wanted to throw away everything about that fucking O’Sullivan name. I wanted nothing to do with anything that he was.

ROSCO	Why are you telling me this now?

MICKEY	Because I need you to know who I am. And I don't want Kyd to see that...same defeat in my eyes, you know? I want him to know that Kelley’s keep fighting. We don't stop. You know…a good dad is not supposed to tell his son how to live his life. You know, he's just supposed to live it correctly and let him watch. And I know he's watching, man. I just never…planned on doing this without her. You know?

ROSCO	Listen. You're gonna get through this. I promise. God doesn’t give you more than...you can--

MICKEY	Don’t, man. Just don't. Don’t bring up God. I got some fucking words for him.

ROSCO	That's what Layla would say if she was here. Remember that time…she showed up at my place crying? 'Cause you told her you were gonna take the fight? You know what she said to me?

MICKEY	No. What?

ROSCO	Was that the moment that you got into that ring, that you look that son of a bitch in the eyes...

LAYLA	He's gonna know he can win, and he's not gonna stop until he does.

MICKEY	Guys. Gi's on, belts on. Class starts in…five minutes.

JIMMY	Hey, Mick. Hey, uh…hey, listen, I uh…I heard about your wife. Sorry, man. I'm really sorry. Look, if you ever need anything…I mean it.

MICKEY	I…I appreciate that.

JIMMY	Yeah. Okay.

MICKEY	Jimmy. What are you doing here?

JIMMY	Well, I've been going over what you did to me on the mat for the past…few years, and I uh, well, I just can't wrap my head around it. So I signed up for your evening class. So I'll…be seeing you.

PITT	Yo, Mick. Phone call.

MICKEY	Hey, Pitt. Can you take a message?

PITT	Well, he says it’s important. Some dude...from Dubai.

ROSCO	Sometime in late...July, Mick got a call from his old friend in Dubai. Turns out Dimitris...found out about the rematch that never happened and offered to put it up himself with the same purse. Seventy-five grand just to show up, and another hundred and fifty grand to the winner.

MICKEY	We got a fight. Hey…who’s the man of the house while daddy’s gone?

KYD	I am.

MICKEY	That’s right. So, anything Granny Taco needs...you make sure she’s okay.

KYD	Yes, sir.

MICKEY	And you be a gentleman, and pay attention to her, okay?

KYD	Okay.

MICKEY	It's only 5 days. I'll be back before you know it. And you know what? Daddy's flying again. So maybe I'll talk to the pilot and see...if I can bring you back some wings. I love you, dude.

KYD	I love you, too.

ROSCO	Needless to say...after thirty days of hard training, we were on a plane headed right back to Dubai.

PITT	I couldn't believe Mason even agreed to let Blaine fight, but I guess, at his core, he's just a fan like the rest of us, and you know, he wanted to see who'd win.

ROSCO	So, to keep it quiet, he set 100 lucky winners max, and that all attendees have their lips permanently sealed.

DIMITRIS	Ah! Welcome back to Dubai.

MICKEY	Appreciate the opportunity, Mr. Kostopoulos.

SHIEKH BIN KHALID	Nice to see you again, my friend.

MICKEY	Wonderful to see you, too, sir. Again, thank you for the hospitality...with my friends.

SHIEKH BIN KHALID	Think nothing of it, Mickey. I would have thrown the fight myself...if I would've known you'd still be interested.

DIMITRIS	Are you joking? He is stubborn. I saw it seven years ago. Doesn’t know when he is beaten. Now he comes here to risk his health...for only $75,000. Is that the worth of a man’s health in America? You care for a dollar like I care for a million. At least Marco, he bargained with me a little bit. I got him for 100,000, and when he wins the extra 150,000, he's going to buy a Ferrari Maranello. This is what you are to him. A new car. Ah! He is also ready.

ROSCO	Mick, you good?

MICKEY	Yeah, I'm good.

ARAB REF	Weighing in at...168 pounds. Mickey...Kelley!

PITT	Yeah, baby.

ARAB REF	And…his opponent. Weighing in at 170.9 pounds...Marco...Blaine!

MARCO	Your jiu-jitsu no work here, pig!

ARAB REF	Okay.

ROSCO	No.

ARAB REF	These are the...terms, as agreed to by both camps. First...there will be no biting. No head butts.

STELIOS	Mr. Kostopoulos is taking wagers. If you are so inclined to.

BURCHMAN	I am so inclined. You?

MASON	Yeah.

ARAB REF	…if the opponent has a hand on the mat.

ROSCO	Anything else you need, princess? Maybe some knee pads. What's up? You can suck it.

ARAB REF	Okay…gentleman. We will see you tonight.

DIMITRIS	Bin Khalid...thinks you are brave. But I know the truth. You are not brave. You are stupid. What really makes you think you can win?

MICKEY	I’m gonna make him quit. You see, God…or “Allah” or whatever you want to call him. He's got a message for all athletes that get pushed far enough. And he delivers it through lactic acid. It's a by-product of muscle use. Hell, it makes standing even almost unbearable. It’s his way saying that your organs are gonna completely shut down if you keep pushing yourself. Well, your boy, when God talks to him...I’m bettin’ he’s gonna listen.

DIMITRIS	And what about you?

MICKEY	I quit listening to God six months ago. You ready?

PITT	Yeah. Let's get out of here.

BURCHMAN	What is it?

MASON	Kelley. That’s not his name.

RING ANNOUNCER	And now...hailing from the United States. In only his fourth professional fight...Marine Corps veteran and jiu- jitsu intructor, Mickey...Kelley!






MASON	How you...doing, son? Sit down. Sit down, here. You’re about to go to work. I'm Dick...Mason. I'm the guy that uh, tried to put this fight together the first time. The right way. Apologies. Medical exam...was out of my hands. Marine, huh? I was Commanding officer myself during the Gulf War. I only lost one marine under my eye the whole time. That low number didn’t make it any better though. His Abrams rolled over a pissant IED near Kirkut and the c-track de-wheeled. He was an engineer, just like myself when I enlisted. He did his job to perfection. He...got out of that tank. He almost fixed that shit... ‘til a sniper found him. Ear to ear. Dropped him on the spot. His best friend since he was in boot...was in the tank with him, a guy named O’Sullivan. The crew was ordered to evac and the whole battalion was re-routed. When they came under gun and mortar fire, everyone obeyed. Except for O’Sullivan. You know, it turns out...you never know what a man’s capable of until you look him in the eye. But he waited there for two days, guarding his best friend’s body until it could be extracted. Did it all with a sidearm. A pistol, mind you. (chuckles) A damn pistol. When they asked him why he did it after the fact…he stood in front of this debrief panel under threat of a...DD and he told them...because the job wasn’t done yet. Really wish I coulda’ looked that fella in the eye…before I called that pull. Now, once the story got out...all the big-wigs back in Washington, they wanted to throw a medal at him. And I wanted to meet him myself for my own reasons. But we couldn't find him. Apparently, he changed his name. You ever hear that story before, son? I always wanted to meet the man that carried my son...off that field. Semper Fidelis…Sergeant O’Sullivan. Godspeed.

ROSCO	Here we go. CAlright? We good? You alright?

BURCHMAN	Whoo! He looks good. He looks good! [laughs] We're gonna win so much money betting against these idiots! [laughs] Vegas is gonna die for these odds.

MICKEY	Taco, look. He's wearing a sherpa.

TAREQ	This is amazing, bro. The rematch of the century.

RING ANNOUNCER	Ladies and Gentlemen...welcome to the fight that...everyone asked for, only made...possible by the pope of Al Nasser.

PITT	Fingers over here.

RING ANNOUNCER	...square, Mr. Dimitris Kostopoulos. Now, without...further ado, a man that needs no introduction. From...Brazil, the undefeated VTC welterweight champion... Marco Blaine!

PITT	It's time, baby.

ROSCO	Okay, use your head.

PITT	Time to...execute.

ROSCO	Come on.

RING ANNOUNCER	His opponent, hailing from the United...States, unknown to most, but celebrated...by many, a jiu-jitsu fighter and...US Marine corps combatives instructor with...only 3 known fights and a record of two…wins, one loss. Mickey…Kelley!

MICKEY	Let's go!

PITT	Let's go to work, baby.

ROSCO	Alright. Listen, Mick. You’re better than this guy. I know that, and you know that. You have nothing to prove. If something doesn't feel right, let's get out of there safe, okay?

MICKEY	Yeah.

ROSCO	So watch that thick skull of yours.

RENZO	I'm gonna go say hi to him.

PITT	Mick, Mick, Mick.

RENZO	Oha, Mickey. I wouldn't miss this. Good luck, man. Good to be here.

MICKEY	Professor Renzo? I'm good.

ROSCO	Get it on, Mickey. Let's go.

MICKEY	Alright.

ARAB REF	Gentlemen. You know the rules. Obey me at all times. Protect yourself at all times. I want a clean fight. Understood? If you want to shake hands...do it now! To your corners!

TAREQ	Thirty seconds, bro. If he doesn’t get Marco down in thirty seconds, it’s no good.

PITT	Let's go, man.

MICKEY	Alright.

PITT	Go to work.

BURCHMAN	He looks good.

ARAB REF	Ready? Begin.

RENZO	Yes!

PITT	Come on, baby! Yes, sir!

ROSCO	Put him down!

PITT	Protect, baby! Protect! There you go!

AMIN	12 seconds! He got him down in 12...seconds!

ROSCO	Make him turn!

RENZO	Nice!

PITT	There you go!

ROSCO	Here we go! Here we go! There you go, Mick!

PITT	Give it to him!

TAREQ	Go, Mickey!

ROSCO	Give it to him! Come on! Give it to him. Yes!

PITT	Yes! That's his ego right there. Yes. On the ground. That's his ego.

ROSCO	Squeeze! Squeeze!

CORNER MEN	Go! Go! Go! Go! Go!

ROSCO	You got him!

ARAB REF	He can't move! Break! Break!

ROSCO	What are you doing? He…had him!

MICKEY	What are you doing?

ARAB REF	No head butts.

PITT	Dammit! The fight was over!

ARAB REF	To your corners. What is this?

PITT	This is bullshit!

ARAB REF	Go see your corner...man.

ROSCO	Come here! Fucking pussy. No wonder they didn't want cameras. Let me see your face.

ARAB REF	Hey. One warning only.

PITT	He's good.

ROSCO	He's good.

PITT	You're good.

ROSCO	You're good, man.

ARAB REF	Next violation, you'll be disqualified. Fighters, ready?

MICKEY	No! Start him on the ground!

TAREQ AND AMIN	Boo!!

ARAB REF	Fighters, begin.

ROSCO	No! Dammit.

ARAB REF	Take a pass, guys.

ROSCO	Get up, baby! Get up! Get up!

ARAB REF	Get up! Get up!

PITT	Really?

ARAB REF	On your feet.

ROSCO	Cover up, Mick! Cover up, Mick! Cover up, Mick! Mick, chin down! Chin down, Mick!

PITT	Come on, baby! Guard! Here it comes, baby!

RENZO	Oh!

ROSCO AND PITT	Yes!!

PITT	That's it, baby! He's hurt, baby! He's hurt!

RENZO	Yes! Yes!

PITT	Here you go!

ROSCO	Now he wants to take it to the ground!

PITT	His legs buckled. He rocked him! Yes, you're well! Give it! Hold your guard right there. That's right. Keep up your guard. Control his posture. Control his posture, Mick! Defense. Defense!

ROSCO	There you go!

RENZO	Go! Go! Go!

ROSCO	Stay heavy!

BURCHMAN	Come on.

PITT	Triangle! Triangle. There you go. Grab him! There it is!

ROSCO	Let's go!

PITT	There it is!

ROSCO	Come on, Mickey! Let's go!

PITT	Mickey, let's go!

ROSCO	Let's go!

ARAB REF	Break!

PITT	He looks really bad.

ROSCO	Shit.

PITT	What's wrong?

ROSCO	He can't see. At all.

MICKEY	It's just...white…streaks.

ROSCO	Mick, we're gonna have to throw in the towel.

MICKEY	We can't.

PITT	What do you mean we can't?

MICKEY	Mr. Kotsopoulos. You know, I thought about what you said. You know, Marco wants a car. Well, I want something, too. I want a house. And an education for my kid.

DIMITRIS	That's nice. But you cannot win.

MICKEY	You know, you say a dollar to me is like a million to you. I can't argue with that. So I got a proposition for you. Why don’t you keep your 75 grand. I’ll show up tomorrow for free. But, if I happen to win, you give me that million. I trust your word’s good?

DIMITRIS	Bin Khalid…thinks you are brave, but I know the truth. You’re not brave, you are stupid. What really makes you think you can win?

MICKEY	It's all or nothing.

ROSCO	You stupid fucking...hick. Mick!

MICKEY	I may…have to eat a few punches to get to him. But if you can guide me to him…I can submit him.

ROSCO	Mick…

MICKEY	Listen to me. I had my head on his chest. It's all tweeter. It's no bass. He's gonna quit. I swear to God, he' s gonna quit.

PITT	Alright, one to...ten, you guys. Stool out.

ROSCO	I'm gonna guide you through this thing. But you're gonna have to listen for my voice, okay? Layla's gonna be for left. Kyd's gonna be for right. Alright? He's not straight up.

ARAB REF	Ready? Begin.

ROSCO	Hands up, baby. Hands up. Let's go.

PITT	Hands up, hands up, hands up.

ROSCO	Hands up, baby. Layla. Layla. Layla. Layla. Layla. Layla. Layla. Layla.

PITT	You got space, baby. There you go.

ROSCO	Shit. Here comes another one. Stay. Stay. Stay.

DIMITRIS	Ah.

ROSCO	Layla. Space. Space. Attack. Attack.

PITT	Put those hands up, baby. Put 'em up.

ROSCO	Kyd!

PITT	Watch it!

ROSCO	Hands up, Mick!

PITT	Hang tight. Put your hands up, Mick.

ROSCO	Watch out, Mick! Hands up! Hands up!

PITT	He's coming!

BURCHMAN	Stop him! Stop him! Stop him!

ROSCO	It's okay. Kyd. Kyd. Kyd. Kyd.

PITT	Come on. Come on. Up, up, up! Let's go! 6 feet away!

ROSCO	Layla! Layla, Mick. Layla! Layla! Layla!

RENZO	Come on, Mickey!

ROSCO	Get up, Mick. Mick, I'm gonna have to throw in the towel if you don't get up. Get up!

PITT	You gotta...get up, Mick!

KYD	I love you, Daddy!

MICKEY	You love me.

KYD	What about our prayers? Angel of God, my guardian dear to whom God's love commits me here. Watch over me throughout the night And keep me safe...within your sight.

ROSCO	I need to stop this, Mick.

PITT	Hey, God bless you, Mick!

MICKEY	Come on!

ROSCO	Go, Mickey, go!

MICKEY	Come on!

PITT	Yes!!

ROSCO	Take him back! Why is he not taking him back?

PITT	He's taking him over the top!

ROSCO	Come on, Mick! Take him! Finish him, Mick! Why is he not taking him?

PITT	He's hiding his hands so he can't...tap out.

ROSCO	That's fucking outrageous!

PITT	Hold him! Yes!!

ARAB REF	Get off!

PITT	It's over!!

RING ANNOUNCER	The winner is…Mickey…Kelley!!

BURCHMAN	What are you so happy about? Did you change your bet?

MASON	I looked in his eyes. I haven't seen that kind of conviction since...

ARAB REF	Get in there! Get your man!

ROSCO	Marco went back to Brazil and never fought again. Mickey…Mickey was rushed to the hospital. Doctors found cerebral swelling due to the hits he took. They had to induce a coma.

KYD	Where's my daddy?

ROSCO	Getting out of that cab alone was one of the most difficult things I'd ever done in my life.

INTERVIEWER	If this all really happened, why did we never hear about it?

ROSCO	The fight happened on September 1st of 2001. Ten days after that, nothing really mattered.

INTERVIEWER	You know, we went down to Carvell cemetery, and we saw Layla's grave, but…we didn't see Mickey's.

PITT	Hey, yo, Mick! You got company. Go ahead, man.

KYD	This it?

MICKEY	Okay. But we never start 'em. We just finish 'em.

SINGER	Into the brave new world I hope I see you on the other side of this changing world Baby when my ship pulls in I try to believe in anyone Look at the state I'm in But for now I'm just sitting at the table Hearing songs Wishing I was able, stable Nah nah nah nah nah Nah nah nah nah nah I hope I see you on the other side Nah nah nah nah nah I hope I see you on the other side Brother don't try to find Don't try to believe in anyone For I would change your mind Baby when my ship pulls in I try to believe that anyone Look at the state I'm in I'm fine But for now I'm just sitting at the table Hearing songs Wishing I was able, stable I want to see you on the other side Nah nah nah nah nah I hope I see you on the other side Nah nah nah nah nah I hope I see you on the other side I hope I see you on the other side I hope I see you on the other side I hope I see you on the other side I hope I see you on the other side I hope I see you on the other side Dear All, Please deliver this love letter to Jiu Jitsu. And tell her that she has made my life and my family's life better in more ways than I could possibly catalogue. And just know that without you…our love would've never blossomed into what it is today.



(BORN A CHAMPION)
