
storyteller	the island of sodor is the home of the north  western railway with engines of all shapes and sizes working hard to deliver goods and passengers to their destinations.

Storyteller	there are branch lines that run along the coast of the island serving the docks, the fishing villages and the seaside towns. 

storyteller 	and there are branch lines that run to the farms, quarries and ancient castles of the island's heartlands. 

storyteller	and there is the mainline…

gordon	express coming through!

storyteller	…which runs all the way from knapford on the west coast of the island... 

storyteller	...to vicarstown in the east and the line continues over the vicarstown bridge where it connects to the mainland beyond...

storyteller	one day henry was pulling a goods train towards vicarstown on his way to the mainland...

troublesome trucks	faster! faster! faster!

troublesome truck 	hurry up, henry!

troublesome truck 	we haven't got all day! <laughs>

storyteller	a faulty signal should have warned henry there was another good’s train stuck on the track up ahead...

storyteller	...then, everything happened at once!

henry	ahhhhhhhh

storyteller	poor henry wouldn’t be going to the mainland now.

henry	<groans>

thomas	wahoo hm hm woo hahaha hello bunnies! hello squirrels! hello birds! hello trees! hello sky!

toby	'morning, thomas!

thomas	good morning toby!

thomas	ahh what a lovely day! it's bright and sunny and everybody on sodor seems happy! don’t days like this make you feel like bursting into song! <takes a breath>
james (singing)	somebody has to be the favourite the one that everybody wants to see

thomas	james! somebody has to be better than the rest somebody has to be so good that they're the best somebody has to be the favourite somebody has to be me! 

james	here's james! <laughs>

thomas	you're not the favourite, james!

james	of course i am, thomas. ask anybody!

thomas	no, you're not! and anyway... i was going to sing a song then, not you!

james	oh! well, go ahead and sing if you want to. i'm not stopping you. quiet, everybody! (pause) thomas wants to sing a song!

thomas	oh haha no, james! i'm not...

thomas	oh... okay... <takes a breath>...<gasp> <sigh>

james (singing)	sometimes you have to blow your whistle to let the other engines know you're near sometimes you have to make a racket and to shout in order to ensure that they're not left in any doubt somebody has to be the favourite say 'hello!' the favourite is here!

philip	hello james!

thomas	you're not the fat controller's favourite engine, james!

james	really? then how come i keep getting all the best jobs? 

james	isn't your next job collecting pigs from farmer trotter's? <snorting wall> <laughs>

thomas	yes, but...

james	want to know what my next job is?

thomas 	well…

james	 my next job is transporting bea-u-ti-ful music!

thomas	that's not true! you're just making that up! 

james	<humming song>

henry	<wailing walla>…<sigh> 

the fat controller	oh dear... well, thank goodness nobody was hurt! that's all i can say.

the fat controller	that’s right, expect henry to be arriving at the steamworks shortly, edward is already at vicars town collecting him with the breakdown train. oh i’m used to swapping engines around it’s what i do all the time…

the fat controller	i'll find another engine to take james' passenger coaches and he can collect those trucks first thing in the morning…

thomas	i bet james won't like that job! james doesn't like pulling trucks!

thomas	guess what, james? you're going to be pulling a goods train tomorrow morning! 

james	<gasps> 

Thomas	while i will be working with my faithful coaches again, annie and clarabel. 

Annie	naturally!

Clarabel	as usual!

james	a goods train?! a goods train?! a! oh wait... you must mean that very important goods train that's bound for the mainland. ha ha ha ha ha! that's a great job, thomas! what an adventure!

James (sings)	somebody has to be the favourite! that's just the way it is you must agree. some get to see the world and travel far away while other engines have a place they always have to stay somebody has to be the favourite somebody has to be me. somebody has to be me!

Annie	don't even listen to him, thomas. he's only teasing.

Clarabel	again!

the fat controller	ah right thank you…

thomas	it's not fair, sir! james gets all the important jobs!

the fat controller	important jobs? what important job? are you talking about taking that goods train to bridlington? 

thomas	is bridlington a place on the mainland?

the fat controller	yes, thomas, it is. but that's hardly the only important job! what about the flying kipper? or the mail train? or delivering the milk? or collecting passengers from the cruise ships?

thomas	 i know, sir... but, james says...

the fat controller	even looking after your branch line is an important job, thomas!

the fat controller	now, if you'll excuse me. i have some important jobs of my own to attend to... what with henry out of action and james off to the mainland tomorrow! who can i get to deliver those cheese vats to vicarstown?

Storyteller	that night in the sheds, thomas was still very cross about james...

thomas	it's just so annoying, percy. he keeps saying he's the fat controller's favourite engine! and tomorrow he's going off to the mainland to have a big adventure, while i'm stuck here doing the same jobs i always do!

thomas	percy! you're not even listening!

percy	oh i am, thomas. i am. but i have to take the mail train now!

thomas	<sigh> it's not fair. 

James	some get to see the world and travel far away! while other engines have a place they always have to stay! somebody has to be the favourite…

thomas   	hmph! <sigh> why can’t i go to the mainland? 

Storyteller	but then an idea flew into thomas' funnel...

thomas	<mischievous giggle>

storyteller	the next morning james went to vicarstown goods yard to collect his trucks.
 
james	rosie? where are my trucks? what have you done with them?

Rosie	errr which trucks do you mean, james? 

james	the trucks that henry was pulling when he had his accident! the fat controller said it was very important to take them to the mainland today! 

Rosie	oh! those trucks! yes. i know those trucks are important. that's why thomas came so early!

james	thomas?!! what's thomas got to do with it?!

Thomas (sings)	sometimes you have to get up early if there's some place you really want to be sometimes you have to be awake before the dawn sometimes you’re up and out before they know you're gone! somebody has to be the favourite and this time it's going to be me! this time it's going to be me! this time it's going to be me! 

troublesome trucks	<laugh>

troublesome truck 	are we there yet?

Storyteller	meanwhile poor henry was in the steamworks waiting to be repaired.

the fat controller	dear oh dear... and how long do you expect him to be out of action? 

james	he's taken my train, sir! ohhh yes! that's what he's done!

the fat controller	who's taken what train? what on earth are you talking about, james?

james	thomas! i'm talking about thomas! he's taken my goods train, sir. the one that had to go to the mainland!

the fat controller	that’s excellent! then you can work on thomas' branch line today, james!

james	thomas’ branch line!? but you said i was going to the mainland! that was my job!

the fat controller	well it's my job to swap engines around. 

james	yes i know…

the fat controller	that's what a railway controller does! 

.james	well, yeah, of course…but

the fat controller	he keeps all his engines busy…

james	what if? 

the fat controller 	…being useful.

Victor	huh? 

Kevin	huh? 

the fat controller	now... who can i get to take all those coconuts back to arlesbough?

james	but…wait…ohhhh. 

thomas	<wahooo walla>

storyteller	meanwhile on the mainland, thomas was having an adventure...

Thomas	wow! look at that big building over there. i wonder what that factory makes... ha ha! <gasp> oh, did you see the colour of those houses? bright blue! nobody on sodor would paint their house bright blue!
troublesome truck	what are you going on about, thomas?

Thomas	everything! just look around you! we're on the mainland now! 

troublesome truck	ohhh what's so special about the mainland?

troublesome truck	it's all just grass and trees as far as i can see. 

troublesome truck	lucky you! all i can see is another truck's backside!

troublesome trucks	<burst out laughing>

thomas	there are lots of new things to see here! the buildings are different and the bridges and the... oh look!

thomas	i wonder what junction that is up ahead?

troublesome truck	i'd say it's lostville! <laughs>

troublesome truck	maybe it's confusington!

other troublesome trucks	<howls of laughter>

troublesome truck 	castle who-knows-where!

other troublesome trucks	<gales of laughter>

Thomas	i'm not lost, you silly trucks! i know exactly where i'm going.

troublesome truck 	but do you know where you are?

troublesome truck	he’s trying to be important! 

troublesome truck 	is it important to go the wrong way?

troublesome truck 	<laughing> i think you should go left!

troublesome truck 	<laughing> don’t listen to him, he’s facing backwards

troublesome truck	turn right! 

Thomas	would you all please be quiet!

troublesome truck 	are we there yet?

troublesome trucks	follow your heart! 

troublesome trucks	use your brain! 

troublesome trucks	he doesn’t have one! 

thomas	stop trying to confuse me!  

troublesome trucks	<more gales of laughter> 

thomas	you’re distracting the driver! 

Thomas	woah.  

Thomas	<gasp>

troublesome trucks	<walla> 

annie & clarabel	slow down, james! slow down!

James	the faster i go, the sooner i can get back and ask the fat controller for a better job! 

annie & clarabel	a better jo-o-o-o-obb??!!
James	hellooo maithewaite!!

Annie/clarabel	<squeal!!!>

clarabel	james! you've stopped beyond the platform again!

James	<sigh> yeah, yeah, yeah...

James	i know. i know. it was an accident. okay?

Annie	(quietly) i do hope thomas gets back soon.

Clarabel	(quietly) so do i.

james	what are you all muttering about back there? i can hear you, you know.

Storyteller	but thomas was far away on the mainland and he wasn’t going to be back anytime soon… 

Thomas	<chuckle>you know… i still can't believe how i tricked james this morning.

troublesome truck 	and i still can't believe we haven't reached that goods yard yet.

troublesome truck 	i can! 

troublesome trucks	<burst out laughing>

troublesome truck	are we there yet?

Thomas	I know it's taking a bit longer than I thought, but why don't you relax and enjoy the journey? It can't be that much further. 

Beresford	halt! 

Thomas	ahhh 

troublesome trucks	<bumping walla>

Beresford	who goes there?!

Thomas	hello there…is this... bridlington goods yard?

Beresford	bridlington?! no! bridlington's miles from here.

Thomas	oh... but... am i at least going the right way?

Beresford	how should i know? sometimes i go back here.

Beresford	and sometimes i go up here. 

Beresford	and i can spin around and look at the view from every direction... 

Beresford	whoooaaa....

Beresford	ow! <giggles> but i've never been to bridlington. what's it like eh?

troublesome truck 	don't ask him! 

troublesome truck 	he hasn't been there either.

troublesome truck 	and at this rate he's never going to get there!

troublesome trucks	<burst out laughing>

Thomas	oh these trucks are very annoying... but they're right. please, mr. crane. i really have to keep going...

Beresford	and why exactly should i let you go? you haven't even answered my question yet!

Thomas	question? what question?

Beresford	who goes there?! meaning: who... are... you?

Thomas	oh... i'm thomas.

Beresford	thomas? who’s thomas?

Beresford	 hmm thomas?

Beresford (singing)	thomas? you're thomas? well i don't know who thomas is. so why should i let this thomas simply hurry on his way? thomas? you're thomas? speak up now. i'm asking you! who's thomas? what's thomas? what have you got to say?

Thomas (singing)	i'm thomas. i'm a tank engine. i'm from a place called sodor. i'm heading for the goods yard where these trucks are meant to go 

Beresford	mmhmm. 

thomas 	i don't know why i'm stopped here, apart from the thing you dropped here, so if you could lift it up again... (glancing up hopefully and seeing the crane giving him a disapproving look)


thomas 	oh! what do you want to know?

troublesome trucks (singing)		he's lost! he's lost! and thomas is his name. he wanted to be important. now he's only himself to blame! <cackling> 

Beresford (singing)	thomas? who's thomas? i've never heard of thomas. (turning rapidly from side to side to answer himself) nor me. i know. you're me. that's true. i'm talking to myself. (facing thomas again) now, thomas, little thomas, you say that's what your name is, but i still don't know who you are, so tell me something else.

Thomas (singing)	i'm thomas. i'm a tank engine. and some would say i'm cheeky. and maybe i am cheeky, 'cause i took these trucks from james.

troublesome trucks	yeah! 

thomas 	but i was stuck on sodor, where it's always the same old railway, so i took them to the mainland, which i thought would make a change!

troublesome trucks (singing)		he's lost! he's lost! he'll have to tell his boss! if we don't get a move on then sir topham will be cross! <walla> 

Beresford (singing)	so many places you could go, so many things to see, <chuckles> like the birds up in the sky an engine's life is free-eee-ee—ee-e—ee-e-ee!

Beresford (singing)	so engines always rush away. they never like to wait. they always have some reason like they're late... or late... or late.

Beresford (singing)	but if you want to travel on, you must do something more. you'll have to tell me something new i've never heard before!

Thomas	something new?!

Beresford	something new.

Thomas	does it have to be true?

Beresford	it has to be true.

troublesome trucks (singing)		he's lost! he's lost! he hasn't got a clue! he doesn't know what to say at all! he doesn't know what to do! <laughing> 

beresford 	<laughing> 

Thomas	would you be quiet back there? i'm trying to think!

troublesome truck	<laughing> don't try too hard!

troublesome truck	<laughing> you'll burst your boiler! 

troublesome truck	poor thomas! on the mainland nobody even knows his name!

troublesome trucks	<gales of laughter>

Thomas	that's it!

Thomas (singing)	i'm thomas! i'm thomas! but you've never heard of thomas?

Beresford (singing)	no, i've never heard of thomas.

Thomas (singing)	but that's my name! it's true! i'm thomas! i'm thomas! and if you haven't heard of me then when i said i was thomas i told you something new!

Beresford	something new? 

Thomas (singing) 	and having told you that i think we're through!

Beresford	(calling out) wait! what did you do? ...thomas comes back! my name's beresford by the way. ...thanks for asking! <sigh>

Storyteller	there was still no sign of bridlington goods yard. and by late afternoon thomas’ coal bunker  was nearly empty! 

Thomas	oh dear.

troublesome truck 	now what?

troublesome truck 	we're lost in the woods.

troublesome truck 	i told you he didn't have a brain.

troublesome truck 	or a map!

troublesome truck 	or any coal.

Thomas	shush! look! there's a place up ahead. <gasp> maybe we’ll find some coal there...

troublesome truck 	i don’t think so…

thomas 	<gasp> ooh. 

troublesome truck 	this doesn’t look like a goods yard.. 

troublesome truck 	no. it looks like a bads yard. 

troublesome truck 	a very bads yard. 

troublesome truck 	are we there yet?

Thomas	hello?

troublesome truck 	great job, thomas!

troublesome truck 	you are a really useless engine!

Thomas	hello? huh?

Lexi	(changing her tone, trying out voices) hi! hi! hi! hi-de-hi! pleased to meet you. well, hello-o-o-o there. 

thomas 	<gasp> 

Thomas	hello.

Lexi	(changing her tone with each phrase) come on out, theo! it's a visitor. another engine. we have company!

Lexi	that's theo. he's shy. lack of confidence. he thinks he looks awkward and uncoordinated. 

Theo	are you being scrapped?

Thomas	scrapped?!

Lexi	dumped. disassembled. taken to pieces. 

Theo	yes. engines get scrapped when they're not useful and nobody cares about them anymore.

Lexi	don't be preposterous, theo. this one here is a useful engine! he's pulling trucks.

troublesome truck 	not very well.

Thomas	now that's not fair. i,i have had a few problems, but... (smiling at theo and lexi) maybe you can help me out.

Theo	us, help you? 

Lexi	i doubt it.

Theo	ooh, sorry no.

Lexi	i don't think so! nope. nope. nope. you're barking up the wrong branch line there, buddy boy.

Thomas	but i only need a little coal and water.

Lexi	(relieved and surprised) oh... <laughs> we can help with that! 

Lexi	back up, theo! back up.

Lexi	coal and water is no problem at all! we're fully stocked in the coal and water department. in case our drivers come to try new parts or make 'improvements'...

Theo	why isn't he following us, lexi? 

Lexi	hmm. i'm not sure... (calling across the yard) why aren't you following us?

Thomas	(calling across the yard) i can't. i don't have any coal!

Lexi	he doesn't have any coal! 

Theo	ah! come on! you'll have to tow him to the coal hopper! 

Theo	me?! ohhh. 

Theo	<sigh> effort walla

Lexi	woohooo, alright! okay! start pulling, theo! 

Theo	<pulling walla> 

Thomas	maybe you should uncouple my trucks first…

Theo	uhh. 

Lexi	good idea

Lexi	ok theo, give it the old , .

Theo	<pulling walla> 

thomas	thanks theo! my name is thomas. i'm a tank engine... (beat). what kind of engine are you? 

Theo	we are experimental engines, err thomas.

Thomas	experimental engines?! wow! ...what does that mean? 

Lexi	it means we're different! test models. trial and error. i'm cab forward! and theo's... something experimental too!

Theo	ha ha ha. oh and there's merlin too!

Thomas	merlin?

Lexi	you won't have seen merlin! (as the dust clears) he's a stealth engine.

Thomas	a stealth engine? what's that?

Lexi	stealth engines are designed to be hard to see. out of sight! poof! invisible!

Thomas	<gasp> an invisible engine?!

Theo	well...

Lexi	(interrupting) <laughs> let's just say he's always 'disappearing'!

Theo	err…your water tank is overflowing.

Lexi	whoa, nellie! up to the brim. 

Thomas	<laughs> thanks for your help! but i still have my very important job to finish. 

Theo	does that mean you have to go?

Lexi	he's got trucks, theo, remember? trucks need to be delivered! that's what they're for!

Thomas	(to theo and lexi) oh i almost forgot... do either of you know where bridlington goods yard is?

Lexi	bridlington? <laughs>...no idea. 

Theo	mmm sorry, no.  

Thomas	oh...

Storyteller	so with coal in his coal bunker and his water tank full, thomas set off once more in search of the goods yard...

troublesome truck 	are we there, yet?

troublesome truck 	i don't think so! 

troublesome truck 	thomas still doesn't know where he's going!

troublesome truck 	and those other engines didn't know anything either!

Thomas	but look! there's a light! that's probably the goods yard now.

troublesome truck 	and if it's not?

Thomas	well, if it's not... then we can stop and ask for directions again!

troublesome truck 	or get another engine! <chuckles>

troublesome truck 	who knows where he's going! 

troublesome trucks	<gales of laughter>

Thomas	<gasp> 

troublesome trucks	<gasp>

troublesome truck 	thomas, i have a feeling we're not on sodor anymore.

troublesome truck 	wow

troublesome truck 	would you look at that.

Thomas	ohh <chuckle> wow, i bet james has never been any place like this...

Hurricane	hello? 

Frankie	who's there?

Frankie	oh, what's your name, little tank engine?

Thomas	oh..my name is thomas.


Hurricane	and my name is hurricane. you know, like a storm. whoooshhh!! 

thomas 	wow! 

Frankie	and i'm frankie. but you... you look like you must be a very important little engine!

Thomas	that's not what my friend james says! he keeps boasting about how he's the fat controller's favourite!

Hurricane	oh really?!

Frankie	and what do you do when he says something like that?

Thomas	 i get up extra early and take the trucks he was supposed to take the mainland! 

Frankie	<laughs> well, isn't he a clever little tank engine, hurricane?

Hurricane	and a cheeky one too, frankie! <laughs>

thomas 	<laughs> 

frankie	i'd say he's a keeper, wouldn't you?

Thomas	<sigh> do either of you know where bridlington goods yard is? i have to deliver these trucks and it's nearly night time...

Frankie	of course we know bridlington! 

Hurricane	i deliver goods there all the time. 

Thomas	you do? 

Frankie	you mustn't worry about going to the goods yard tonight. uncouple those trucks... 

Hurricane	leave them here in the yard. we'll look after them for you thomas! no problemo. 

Frankie	yes. come on inside. we'll keep you nice and warm. 

Hurricane	this is the hottest place in town. hahah yeah. 

Frankie (sings)	i don't know where you thought you were going, but... here you are!

Hurricane (sings)	i don't know what you thought you were doing, but... you've come so far!

Hurricane (sings)	this is the place you were meant to be being!

Frankie (sings)	these are the sights you were meant to be seeing!

Hurricane (sings)	we'll lift your thermostat up a degreeing or two

frankie & hurricane (sing)	and we're guaranteeing that you'll be agreeing it's true...woo! 

frankie & hurricane (sings)	this is the hottest place in town we'll warm you up when you're feeling down we'll make a smile out of every frown

hurricane (sings)	just take a look around and share the joy we found! 

frankie & hurricane (sings)	this is a place you can have some fun! where you can feel like number one! we've got more sunshine than the sun!

frankie (sings)	there's a light in our eyes we simply can't disguise.

frankie & hurricane (sings)	this is the hottest place in town!

frankie & hurricane (sings)	yeah! come in and come along for the riding shunting lovely ladle trucks up the sidings rails so smooth that you'll be gliding along and before you know it you'll be joining us in our song!

frankie & hurricane (sings)	this is the hottest place in town no other like it anywhere around you'll be a king and you'll wear a crown

hurricane 	i say!

Hurricane (sings)	what we're trying to say is that we hope you'll stay

frankie & hurricane (sing)	this is a place you can shine like gold! our jobs are cool, but we're never cold! we really think you could fit the mold!

Frankie (sings)	you'll be part of the team you'll be living the dream

frankie & hurricane (sing)	this is the hottest place in town!

frankie & hurricane (sing)	come in and come along for the riding shunting lovely ladle trucks up the sidings rails so smooth that you'll be gliding along and before you know it you'll be joining us in our song

Thomas (sings)	this is the hottest place in town

Frankie	yeah!

Hurricane	you know it!

Thomas	you'll warm me up when i'm feeling down you'll make a smile out of every frown. 

Frankie	you’ve got it!

Hurricane (sings)	you'll know you're keeping it real when you're working with steel!

Thomas (sings)	this is a place i can have some fun!

hurricane 	that’s it thomas!

thomas 	where i can feel like number one! i've got more sunshine than the sun!

hurricane	you’re number one!

Frankie (sings)	there's no looking back now you're on the right track now! 

Frankie/hurricane/Thomas (sing)	this is the hot-test pla-a-a-ace in to-o-o-o-own!

hurricane 	<laughs> just think how jealous your friend james will be... 

hurricane	...when he hears about your new job, thomas.

Thomas	new job? i already have a very important job! i’m delivering trucks to the mainland instead of james! 

Frankie	oh quiet now, little tank engine... we can worry about those trucks of yours in the morning. what you need is a nice comfy shed where you can relax and let that busy boiler of yours cool down. 

Storyteller	that night in tidmouth sheds, the other engines were wondering what had happened to thomas...

Percy	he really should have been back by now.

Emily	i know. i'm feeling worried.

Edward	so am i. do you think something's happened?

James	ohhh knowing thomas, he probably got lost on the mainland... or fell down a mine... or crashed into a stationmaster's house! <chuckles>

James	(defensive) what?!

Emily	it's not funny, james!

Percy	thomas could be in trouble.

james 	hmph. it serves thomas right if he's in trouble! it was never his job to go to the mainland at all! he took my trucks without asking!

Percy	maybe you could go and look for him, james.

James	(defensive) me?! why me?!

Percy	because i'd be scared... and, well, i thought you wanted to go to the mainland.

James	hmmm

Thomas	(snoring walla) agh!! what was that?!

Frankie	<laughs> time to start work, little tank engine!

thomas 	whoa! give me a chance to wake up first... <chuckles>

Thomas	hey! what happened to my goods trucks? 

Hurricane	oh i took care of them. i took them to bridlington in the night.

Thomas	did you?... thank you.

Thomas	if my trucks have been delivered to bridlington, then my very important job has been completed so i need to head back to sodor. 

Frankie	but we helped you deliver your goods trucks, little tank engine. surely, you don't mind helping us in return? 

Thomas	well, okay... i suppose i... woah!!

Hurricane	<laughs> 

Rankie	<laughs> you're too kind! <laughs>

Storyteller	thomas was put to work in the steelworks, shunting ladle trucks and taking molten slag out to the slag heaps.

thomas 	<gasp> cinders and ashes! <chuckles>

hurricane	good job thomas. <laughs>

frankie	he is good isn't he? <laughs> in fact, i'd say he might be my favourite new engine!

Thomas (singing)	this is the hottest place in town you really warm me up when i’m feeling down, this is the hottest place in town…

frankie	whoa!! watch out there!

thomas`	woahh

steelworkers	whoa thomas! everybody run! get out the way! don’t go near it!

Hurricane	you need to be careful with that stuff! it's very hot!

Frankie	(distressed) it can melt your wheels right into the ground!

Thomas	sorry. 

the fat controller	dear oh dear! what a mess! ohhhh

stationworker 	never mind, sir. it's only tea. we'll soon clear it up again.

the fat controller 	ohh thomas

percy	any news about thomas, sir?

the fat controller	no, percy. not yet. the trucks arrived at bridlington in the middle of the night, but nobody knows what's happened to thomas!

James	i've got an idea, sir! why don't i go to the mainland and look for thomas? wouldn't that be really useful?

the fat controller	it's kind of you to volunteer, james, but i need you to work on thomas's branch line. there are still carrots waiting in ulfstead and trucks full of tweezers in vicarstown...

james	but i want to go to the mainland, sir! after all, i was the one who was supposed to go, not thomas!

the fat controller	i've already sent emily off with the kipper…

james	err what about…

the fat controller	 …and edward is collecting the band. 

James	i mean…someone…

the fat controller	…i simply can't spare another engine. 

James	but i want to…

that fat controller	not with henry at the steamworks and thomas delayed.

Percy	delayed?!! oh no!! i only thought he was lost.

Stationworker	all done, sir. and i've made you a fresh pot of tea. 

the fat controller	ah excellent. thank you. (smiling at percy) don't worry, percy. everything is under control. just keep calm and carry on. 

Percy	at least you tried, james.

James	hmph. i'll never get to go to the mainland now! 

Thomas	<panting> this…is…thirsty…work!

Frankie	that's what we’ve been trying to tell you, little tank engine. this really is the hottest place in town! <chuckles> 

Thomas	my name is thomas, frankie.

Frankie	and you're doing a terrific job! hurricane and i are very impressed.

Frankie	and with you here to help us, we're free to make more... (sing-song, slightly giddy) ...de-liv-er-ies!

Hurricane	it's not easy to keep up with all the work here when it's only frankie and me. we're both so happy that you came along, thomas.

thomas 	oh, thanks-

frankie	hurricane! this steel won't deliver itself! 

Hurricane	bye, thomas. see you later.

Frankie	put the ingots in the cooling area and make sure you empty all the slag onto the slag heap, little tank engine! and when you've done all that you can sort out the trucks in the yard. i expect them ready when we get back to collect the next de-li-ver-y!

Thomas	but i need to go home to sodor now, frankie!

Frankie	no way, little tank engine! we helped you! so you have to help us!

Thomas	but i have been helping you! i've been working hard all day! the fat controller will be wondering where i am.

Thomas (sings)	how much longer will i have to stay here? one more day? or a month? or a year? far from everything i've ever known far away from the island called sodor far away from that island called home...

Thomas (sings)	where are you, annie and clarabel? have you been left in the shed?

Thomas (sings)	or are you out on my branch line with some other engine instead?

Thomas (sings)	i miss all of my friends i miss hearing their names percy and toby and Gordon it’s strange but i even miss james i’m not joking, i even miss james!

Thomas (sings)	i wanted to have an adventure i wanted to wander and roam


Thomas (sings)	i wanted to see places i'd never seen but now i just want to go home tell me, when do i get to go home?

Thomas (sings)	all i wanna do is go back to sodor, all i wanna do is get back to my friends  i don’t wanna be stuck here forever and always, in this hot house where work never ends. 

Thomas (sings)	i wanted adventure i wanted to roam i wanted new places but now i want home i mean it i have to go home

Thomas (sings)	so lock your big gates with your skeleton key you can't make me stay where i don't want to be it's not right! it's not fair! this is no place for me!
Thomas (sings)	i want to, i need to, i have to be free to go home! i'll find my way home i'll make my way home it's time to go home! i'm going home!

Steelworkers	stop! / thomas! / no!!!! / where are you going?! / come back!!

James	what am i supposed to do, just sit here and do nothing?! 

Annie	yes james, that’s what thomas would do. wait for the farmer. what else can you do?

James	i can blow my whistle! that'll get those sheep moving!

Annie	no!

Clarabel	that's mean! you'll frighten them and they'll panic! <sigh> even thomas is more patient than you are james.

James	i've had enough. this is boring! (takes a breath ready to whistle)

Clarabel	see james. all it takes is a little patience.

Thomas	<sigh> whoa

Hurricane	<effort walla>

Frankie	that was a close call there, little tank engine. 

Hurricane	you could have done yourself some serious damage, thomas, going off the rails like that. that old track hasn't been in use for years.

Frankie	and how would we manage without you? you can't expect hurricane and i to be doing all that dirty work! we have more important jobs to be doing!

Thomas	<groan walla>i suppose so. 

Storyteller	that night on sodor, james was more grumpy than ever!

James	<huff> i've had enough of being stuck on thomas' backwater branch line. i should be the one on the mainland!

Emily	of course you should, james. then you could be the one who got lost! <giggles> 

Percy	(with an aura of melodrama) or even worse delayed!

James	hmph! i wouldn't get lost or delayed! and if thomas isn't back here by morning, i'm going to the mainland to find him and bring him back home!

Edward	and who's going to look after all the passengers on thomas' branch line while you're gone, james?

james	i don't know. why don't you ask the fat controller? it's his job to swap engines around. (mocking the fc) "that's what a railway controller does!" 

percy	oh, james... you'll be a hero!

james	<gasp>

Gordon	<gordon walla> only if he manages to find thomas.

Percy	james! wait! where are you going?
James	to the mainland... to find thomas and become... a hero!

Frankie/hurricane	<snoring>

thomas	<gasp>

Frankie/hurricane	<stiring> 

Frankie/hurricane	<snoring> 

frankie	<stiring> 

hurricane	huh? what was that?

Frankie	(sleepily) what was what?

Hurricane	that big crashing sound.

Frankie	<yawns> maybe it was the thunder. there's a storm coming...thomas? 

Frankie	<gasps> thomas!!!

thomas	<gasp>

frankie	he’s trying to break the gates down! 

Hurricane	no thomas! don’t do it!! 

Frankie	stop thomas, stop! 

Frankie/hurricane	thomas!! 

Frankie/hurricane	come back! 

Thomas	agh! ...oh, oh! they're after me! ...aaiiee!

thomas 	<effort walla> 

thomas 	wooaaah! 

Thomas	oh, hurry up! 

Thomas	they're coming, they're coming. 

Thomas	(under his breath) <gasp> they are chasing after me!

merlin	ooooh! are you hiding?

Thomas	agh!...agh! <gasp> who said that?

merlin	oh, don't be frightened. i'm hiding too... i love hiding. 

Thomas	but where are you? i can't see you.

merlin	(laughing) of course you can't! that's because i'm such a good hider. <chuckles> in fact... i'm invisible.

Thomas	<gasp> invisible?! how can you be invisible?

merlin  	because i'm a stealth engine. and stealth engines are designed in a special way to make them... invisible! (laughs)

thomas 	(making the connection) a stealth engine? like... merlin?

merlin	not like merlin! i am merlin! the experimental prototype, king arthur class stealth engine! 

Thomas	merlin! wow! is that really you? i heard all about you from theo and lexi--

Merlin	(urgent) quick,close your eyes! 

Hurricane	come out come out wherever you are…

Merlin	don't worry. you're safe. they won't find you now. you're with the best hider ever... 

Merlin	all you have to do is close your eyes and keep really still and nobody will be able to see you! 

Thomas	<yawns>

Thomas	<yawn> hello? ...merlin? ...are you there?

Thomas	(quietly) oh, or are you still asleep? <chuckles> (whispers) sorry. 

Thomas	merlin? ...merlin?

Storyteller	that morning james had arrived at bridlington goods yard.

James	thomas? ...thomas?

James	<clears throat> excuse me. but have you, by any chance, seen a cheeky blue tank engine with the number one painted on his side? 

diesel shunter 	we get a lot of engines passing through. you can't expect me to remember every blue tank engine. 

james	his name is thomas, form the island of sodor…

diesel shunter 	ulli! you seen a cheeky blue tank engine, numbered one?

Ulli	nope.

diesel shunter	like i say, friend . we get a lot of engines coming and going. bridlington is a very busy goods yard. 

James	<sigh> oh, well. thank you anyway.

troublesome truck	psst. we saw a silly blue tank engine! 

troublesome truck 	<laughs> didn't know where he was going.

troublesome truck 	<sniggers> no sense!

troublesome truck 	of direction!

troublesome trucks	<burst of laughter>

james	yes! yes! that sounds like thomas! is he the engine that brought you here?

troublesome truck 	<laughs> no!! 


troublesome truck 	don't be silly!

troublesome truck 	thomas got completely lost!

troublesome truck 	an engine called hurricane brought us here!

James	hurricane? who's hurricane?

troublesome truck 	from that big steelworks, you know...

troublesome truck (sings)	this is the hottest place in town...

troublesome truck (sings)	we love an engine in an evening gown...

troublesome trucks	<burst out laughing>

troublesome truck (sings)	is that your cargo lying on the ground?

troublesome trucks	<more laughter>

james	<sigh> this is hopeless!

troublesome truck (sings)	look at my face. don't i look like a clown?
 
troublesome truck	well, he was a bit rude! he never even said, 'thank you.'

James	hello? ...one more question. do you know a big steelworks where an engine called hurricane might be working?

hurricane 	hmmmmm

Thomas	<gasp> i know where i am! this is the experimental eng---

Lexi	(interrupting) theo! it's that engine again. thomas! well hello, thomas! theo!

Theo	<gasp> thomas! <panting> you came back. 

Lexi	did you get where you were going? did you find what you were looking for? bridlingdom? that goods yard? did ya? did ya?

Thomas	no.

Lexi	oh. but you did deliver your trucks, didn't you? 

Thomas	no.

Lexi	where are they? i don't see them. huh? where'd they go?

Thomas	i don't know.

Theo	he is being scrapped. i told you.

Thomas	no, theo. i'm not being scrapped... but... <sigh> i probably should be.

Lexi	oh, thomas! what happened? 

Thomas	 i lost james' trucks and i got trapped in the steelworks and i want to go home to sodor, but i don't know the way. i'm a useless engine! i just do everything wrong!

Theo	hahaha you sound like one of us.

lexi 	<chuckles> yep. we have the same problem. 

Thomas	no, you don't. you guys are amazing! you're experimental engines! i can't do anything, apart from make mistakes...
Theo (sings)	nobody gets it right the first time

Lexi (sings)	everybody makes mistakes or goofs or gaffes!

Theo (sings)	we were put together in a flurry of excitement

Lexi (sings)	but look at us now what are we like? you simply have to laugh!

Lexi (sings)	we're unusual. we're unique.

Theo (sings)	in other words she's saying that we're freaks. 

Lexi	(calling out) built by geeks!

Theo (sings)	we're experiments gone bad!

Lexi (sings)	in other words whoever designed us must be mad.

Theo (sings)	too many funnels, or too many cogs!

Lexi (sings)	we know a guy who was built to run on logs!

Theo (sings)	too many wheels and gears and rods 

lexi (sings)	it's no wonder that we look so odd!

Theo	(calling out) give me a prod!

theo & lexi (sing)	but what can't we do? what can't we do? what can't we do? anything! it's true!

Lexi (sings)	we're originals! we're one of a kind! we're upside down, and forward to behind.

theo (sings)	we're experiments gone wrong

lexi (sings)	this yard's the only place that we could ever belong

lexi (sings)	we always try to do our best sadly we rarely pass the test

theo 	(calling out) i made a mess!

Lexi (sings)	give us a job! give us a task! whatever it is you'll be sorry that you asked.

Theo/lexi (sing)	but what can't we do? what can't we do? what can't we do? anything! it's true!

Merlin	(calling out) i can do something!

Thomas	(in awe)merlin...

merlin 	invisibility on!

Merlin (sings)	i'm invisible! or can't you see? "who said that?" you ask.  it's only me! (opening his eyes again)

Merlin (sings)	you look surprised, but have no fear! it's just a little trick to make myself disappear!

thomas 	(coughing)

thomas	(quietly) umm why does he keep doing that?

Lexi	(whispers) have you noticed his three funnels? well, that was an experiment - to make his smoke and steam disperse, so you couldn't see him so easily!

Theo	(whispers) but it didn't work - at all! only don't try to tell merlin.

thomas   	ah! 

merlin	hello again!

lexi & theo (sing)	we're lumpy and we're bumpy and we haven't got the puff they tried to make us better, but sometimes enough's enough we're wobbly and knobbly and awkward in reverse. if practice makes you perfect, we're the ones they never rehearsed.

Theo/lexi (sing)	but what can't we do? what can't we do? what can't we do? anything! it's true! we can't do anything! that's true! we can't do anything!

Merlin	(suddenly taking over) but we can try!

Merlin (sings)	we can give anything a try! we will give anything a try! isn't that right?

Merlin/theo/lexi	<burst out laughing>

Thomas	so do you think you can try to help me?

Lexi	didn't we just explain, thomas? we can't do anything!

Merlin	oh stop saying that! (to thomas) we'll do everything we can to help you, thomas! just tell us what the problem is.

Thomas	oh, merlin... thank you! i need to go home, home to the island of sodor... only i don't know which way to go.

Theo	merlin can’t help you

Lexi	none of us can. i’m terribly sorry. we don’t know anything about any place other than here.

Merlin	(excited, suddenly having an idea) oh, but we can still try to help you thomas, oh, oh! we can go with you! and help you find the way to the island of sonar!

Theo	and then we’ll all get lost merlin. or...you could always stay here with us, thomas, instead of going home...

Thomas	thanks, theo. thanks all of you, but i'll be alright... i'll find my way home... somehow...

Lexi	bye, thomas.

Theo	good luck.

Storyteller	thomas headed back along the branchline again, trying to remember the route he'd taken before...

Thomas	mmmm this looks familiar. oh i think i recognise this place. it looks like that canal i saw. yes it is. ohh but there's that silly crane! i really don't want him to stop me again!

beresford	oh no you don't!

thomas	hey!

Beresford	you won't get past so easily this time!

Thomas	what are you doing?! stop that! let go of me!

Beresford	well, hello again, thomas! last time we met you played a cheeky trick on me and ran away... just as we were getting to know each other too! that wasn't a very nice way to end our conversation. 

Thomas	picking up engines with your hook is not a very nice way to start a conversation either! put me down! ...please.

Beresford	and if i do put you down then what will you do? run away again, no doubt! and i'll be left all on my own again with nobody to talk to. (suddenly smiling and sounding friendly) now, why don't you tell me all about your adventures? my name's beresford. we could be friends!

Thomas	look, i'm sorry i tricked you last time, beresford, but you can't just make somebody be your friend by making them stay with you! you have to be nice to them so they wanna to be your friend! now put me down.

Thomas	wooaaahhh.

thomas 	<gasp> hurricane! pick me up, beresford! you have to hide me! 

Beresford	put you down? pick you up? hide you?! make your mind up, thomas!

Thomas	hide me! hide me!! please! i really need you to. somewhere i can't be seen from the tracks. hurry!! woahhhh

james	...yes it's true. 

Thomas	(under his breath) james!

James	...i am a particularly useful engine.

frankie 	(sounding very impressed) is that right?

james 	 ...in fact, back on sodor i am the fat controller's favourite!

Beresford	okay, thomas. they're all gone. and... i did something nice for you! so we can be friends now. what shall we talk about? 

Thomas	james! they've got james!

Beresford	who's james?

merlin	yes. who's james?

Thomas	merlin! what are you doing here?

merlin  	i followed you, thomas! i'm here to look after you and make sure you find your way safely back home. excellent hiding by the way. even i couldn’t see you. 

Thomas	but i can't go home now! i have to help my friend james! 

Beresford	why didn't you say something? i could have stopped them. (demonstrating) halt who goes there?!

Thomas	<screams!>

Thomas	you have to let me go now, beresford. james is in trouble. if i hadn't taken his trucks in the first place, he wouldn't even be here. and now hurricane and frankie are taking him to the steelworks. i have to rescue him! 

merlin  	don’t you mean, we have to rescue him!

frankie/hurricane (sings)	this is the hottest place in town we'll warm you up when you're feeling down we'll make a smile out of every frown

hurricane (sings)	just take a look around at the joy we've found. 

Frankie (sings)	this is a place you can have some fun! where you can really feel like number one!

Frankie	we've got more sunshine than the sun.

Frankie	there's a light in our eyes, we simply can't disguise. 

Frankie/hurricane	(trying to keep singing and keep the mood up) this is the hottest place in...

James	(cutting across them) alright! alright! this is all very entertaining but where's thomas?

Hurricane	thomas?

Frankie	who's thomas?

James	(like a classic detective's dramatic accusation) he's a small blue tank engine from the island of sodor. but i think you already know that, because one of you delivered his trucks... hurricane!

Hurricane	umm..t...

Frankie	oh! that blue tank engine! he's long gone.

James	but... where did he go?

Hurricane	(playing along now) anywhere.

Frankie	everywhere. i think he wanted to see the world!

James	well, i need to find him and bring him back to sodor!

Frankie	(quickly backtracking) of course, he did say he was coming straight back. 

Hurricane	he wasn't going off to see the whole world... just a bit of it.

Frankie	you might as well wait here for him. 

Hurricane	<laughs> 

Frankie	and make yourself useful. 

Theo	we have to rescue him?! what do you mean we have to rescue him?! we can't do... anything! 

merlin 	but we can try!

Thomas	we have to try! i don't know what i can do either, theo, but james is my friend!

Lexi	and thomas is our friend!

merlin 	and friends help each other!

Theo	<concerned and nervous groan>

Lexi	indeed we do! i certainly think so. this is the most excitement i've had in... forever!

merlin 	so. how are we going to rescue thomas' friend? we need a plan!
 
Lexi	thomas broke the gates open before! that's the ticket! we could do the same thing. 

Theo	or...and just hear me out...we could leave the gates where they are.  

merlin 	(enthusiastically) (gasp) i can use the powers of stealth to sneak in and rescue james! nobody will see me. invisibility on!

Thomas	or... why don't theo and lexi create a diversion? they can pretend to have an accident and call for help and while the gates are open i can rush in and rescue james!

merlin  	and what am i going to do?

thomas 	you'll have to stay back here and keep watch, merlin! keeping watch is the most important job of all!

merlin  	(proudly) (gasp) oh yes!

Theo	couldn't i stay back here too and just watch?

merlin   	no, theo. you and lexi need to create a conversion! i'm the one who's going to keep watch!

Lexi	come on, theo.

merlin  	don't worry thomas. those two are bound to be a little nervous. they're not as used to having adventures as we are! 

theo	i think i can't. i think i can't. i know i can't, i...

lexi	speed up theo. move along, move along. you need to go fast! 

Theo	oooohhhh...

lexi	now, theo! stop!

theo 	ahhhhhh!

Frankie	what was that?

Hurricane	i don't know.

lexi	help! help! 

Lexi	there's been a derailment! engine off the line! emergency! emergency!

Thomas	(hushing his voice so as not to alert attention) james! james!

Thomas	james! where are you?
Frankie	oh no! what's happened? has someone fallen to pieces?!!

Hurricane	(concerned and confused) have you had an accident? you look kind of... messed up, like your pistons are in the wrong places...

Frankie	hmm i'm confused. i thought somebody  said there had been a derailment.

Lexi	(nervous laugh)

merlin  	(under his breath) this is taking too long... thomas should have been out by now.

merlin   	i hope nothing's happened to him...(unable to bear it) what if he needs my help?

merlin   	invisibility on! (with confidence) 

lexi	(stalling for time) well, there was a kind of derailment...

theo	(urgent whisper) lexi! 

Lexi	<gasps>  merlin?

Frankie	wait a minute! where's he going?!

Frankie	whoa! stop!

merlin   	ohhhhhhh!!!

James	all this soot, ash and heat will positively ruin my paintwork! this is a horrible job for an engine like...

thomas	james! james! 

James	oh, so there you are!!

James	what do you think you've been playing at?! 

Thomas	james! keep your voice down. 

James	first you take my trucks to the mainland… 

Thomas	i'll explain later, james. we really need to go. 

James	oh, i'm more than ready to go! 

thomas  	james!

james	in fact i'd already decided that i was just going to do this one job... 

Thomas	just…it doesn't work like that, james. frankie and hurricane won't let you leave!

merlin  	thomas! you need to hurry! they're coming back! they're coming back!

hurricane 	thomas!

Merlin	they're back! 

Thomas	quick james, we’ve got to get out of here now! go!

James	<struggle walla>

Frankie	stop! you can't leave us on our own!

Thomas	ahhhh no-o-o!!!

Hurricane	aah! look out!

Thomas	take the tracks that go around the building james!  

James	agh! ohhhh

Hurricane	we can't just let you leave.

Frankie	you're our favourite new engine.  

James	leave me alone.

Hurricane	<fustrated reaction>

james 	<scared walla> 

frankie	come out come out wherever you are. 

frankie 	found you!

James	<gulps> woooooah! 

hurricane 	<walla> 

james   	wooaaah! 

james	oh no!

hurricane	<laugh> yeah. 

james   	woaaah! 

Theo	oh no you don't. that's thomas' friend. 

james 	what? 

Thomas	go james, go! 

james   	<laughing> 

thomas 	aaah!

thomas 	<gasp> aaah! 

james   	wooaaah! 

Lexi	runway, scram skiddadle! 

thomas 	help help! wooaaaahhh.no!

theo	don’t worry! i'll get you down thomas! 

Thomas	no! <screams>

Thomas	aaaaaaarrrrrgghh!! <falling walla> 

Hurricane	thomas! look out!

thomas 	<impact walla> 

hurricane	help! help! my front wheels! i'm melting! i’m melting

frankie	oh! hurricane! what should i do? 

merlin  	anything!

Thomas	<cheers!>

Frankie	(distressed and vulnerable) noooo!!! hurricane can't make deliveries with melted wheels and now you're all going to go away and leave us on our own with no help at all. 

James	it serves you right, after all the things you've done to thomas! 

Lexi	aye! keeping him here when he wanted to go home! and trying to trick his friend!

Frankie	but... but... but... <bursts into tears>

Thomas	frankie? ...are you alright?

Frankie	(still sobbing) ... we only wanted some help! <sob> there's too much work for <sob> just the two of us! <sob> 

Thomas	but why didn't you ask for help? 

Frankie	nobody wants to work here! all the other engines are too busy to help us. <starts crying again>

thomas	don't cry, frankie. maybe some engines aren't as busy as you think.

Frankie	(trying to stop crying) what <sniff> what do you mean?

Theo	us?! 

Lexi	i don't think so! nope nope! no sirree, bob. we're really useless engines! <laughs>

Thomas	useless? you're not useless! no engine is useless! 

Thomas	didn't you just help me rescue james? think positively, lexi! ask yourself what can you do?

Lexi	you mean... anything?

Theo	no... we can't do anything. 

merlin 	but we can try!

Storyteller	 so thomas and james headed back to sodor together.

Thomas	i’m sorry i took your trucks james. i know you wanted to be the one to bring them to the mainland.

James	and i’m sorry about teasing you. i’m not really anyone’s favorite engine. if anyone’s the favorite thomas, it’s probably you.


Thomas	don't be silly, james. <chuckles>...

Thomas (sings)	nobody has to be the favourite it's not a competition in the end it doesn't matter if you prove that you're the very best

Thomas (sings)	but what will happen when you put your friendship to the test never mind about who is the favourite the most important thing is being friends!


thomas /james (sing)	the most important thing is being friends!

All	everybody can help! everybody join in! when everyone has a part to play then everybody can win! everybody can help! red, green, yellow or blue! when you’re ready to try you’ll find out what you can do!

All	everybody can help! what i’m saying is true! when you give it a try you’ll find out what you can do! nobody has to be the favourite it’s not a competition in the end it doesn’t matter if you prove that you’re the very best but what will happen when you put your friendship to the test never mind about who is the favourite the most important thing is being friends!

Thomas/friends	nobody has to be the favourite [bv trains: everybody can help] it’s not a competition in the end [bv trains: everybody join in]  it doesn’t matter if you prove that you’re the very best [bv trains: everybody can win]  but what will happen when you put your friendship to the test [bv trains: red, green, yellow, blue] 

All	never mind about who is the favourite the most important thing is being friends!  

All	the most important thing is being friends!

Henry	what did i miss?





	

 	


	

