Male Voiceover	Dev is an ideal son and he gives all the credit for his success to his mother Ishwari and her struggles.

Male Voiceover	Dev pleads Sameer for his sister's happiness, when his sister Neha's fiance refuses to accept the condition of not having a child after the wedding.

Male Voiceover	The engagement is about to start. Unknown to Neha's condition, Ishwari is happy.

Male Voiceover	And she hopes for Neha's bright future. 

Male Voiceover	But Neha is still angry that she didn't get the affection like the other children. Now further...

Neha	Dev is the eldest, so he had the first right. Riya and Nikki were young. So they were pampered a lot.

Neha	But what about me? I never got my turn.

Neha	Why are you showing so much affection today? I am not used to it.

Dev	Neha. You are misbehaving with mom.

Dev	You don't think before speaking. Have you ever thought about mom?

Neha	Dev, I am a bad girl. That is why nobody ever showed concern about me.

Dev	Neha, you...

Ishwari	Neha, dear. I am a human. I might have made mistakes. No, I have made mistakes.

Dev	Mom.

Ishwari	But dear, at least for today, pardon me for my mistakes.

Ishwari	Alright, don't forgive me if you don't want. But at least don't punish yourself.

Ishwari	See, it's your engagement today. Today you are going to take the first step in your new life. So you just think about your new life and be happy.

Ishwari	Now you belong to Sameer, not with me or the past.

Ishwari	Let’s complain about the past some other day.

Ishwari	Why are you sitting like this? What are you thinking?

Dev	I do feel sorry, mom. You were helpless. But this girl doesn't understand.

Ishwari	She was also a kid. I had thrust all the responsibilities on her.

Ishwari	I didn't give her a chance to become mature and to grow up.

Ishwari	I am sure she will forgive me for some of my mistakes if not all...

Ishwari	...when she will start to manage her own family.

Ishwari	Oh! You found your wallet!

Dev	The girl I ran into, she turned out to be the sister of our estate agent, Mr. Bose. He came to the office and returned it.

Ishwari	That's good.

Ishwari	Anyway Dev, yesterday what were Sameer and you conversing about? 

Dev	It's nothing, mom. We were just conversing about Neha's future.

Dev	Hopefully Sameer will keep Neha happy.

Ishwari	You don't worry. When you are there, Neha's brother...

Ishwari	...I am sure that you will keep Neha happy anyhow.

Ishwari	Dev and I always converse about this. Neha is really very fortunate that she got a mother-in-law like you. Am I right, Radha?

Radharani	Yes.

Ishwari	Savitri! I will be back soon.

Sameer's Mom	Radharani, it really hurts when Neha's mother talks like this. How am I a mother-in-law and how is she my daughter-in-law...

Sameer's Mom	...when we're are not going to live in the same house and not going to share the kitchen.

Radharani	Hey, this happens in the beginning. She will call you once a baby is born.

Sameer's Mom	Hmm. We are making this alliance on this hope.

Dev	Hi!

Saloni	Hi!

Sameer's Mom	Radharani, look. Saloni and Dev make a great couple together. Right?

Radharani	Yes, Saloni is so tall and she is fair also.

Sameer's Mom	(Reaction, laugh) It would be great if our son will get married to their daughter and their son married to our daughter. It will be like an equal deal. What is is called? What happens at Lajpat market? Exchange offer.

Radharani	I understood.

Sameer's Mom	But Ishwari.

Radharani	Why are you worrying about her? I will convince her. You leave that to me.

Radharani	Now I will make Saloni the daughter-in-law of this family. You just wait and watch.

Radharani	Oh! I had a work to do. I forgot. I'll be back soon.

Sameer's Mom	Hmm.

Sameer's Mom	Do you like Dev a lot?

Saloni	Dev, who?

Saloni	Oh! Neha's brother!

Sameer's Mom	Look, you don't hide the disease from the doctor and secret from the mother. Tell me if you like him, then I will send a marriage proposal.

Saloni	Mom, what if they will refuse?

Sameer's Mom	They'll have to agree with us. When you create misunderstanding between two people then either they combine or clash with each other. 

Saloni	What do you mean? 

Sameer's Mom	It means that Neha and your relationship is intertwined.

Sameer's Mom	Now either this alliance will happen or it will break.

Dev	What are you doing?

Bunty	Please introduce me to Gulabo?

Dev	Do you want introduction with this?

Bunty	No. What are you saying? Let it be.

Dev	You do one work. Organize all the gifts, and this time don't make any mistake.

Saloni	Hi!

Bunty	Now you make the mistake.

Saraswati	Greetings!

Ishwari	Greetings!

Saraswati	Heartiest congratulations to you!

Ishwari	Thank you!

Saraswati	Your daughter has got a very nice family. It seems, you have seen heaven.

Saraswati	I can't see Dev anywhere.

Ishwari	Dev must be here somewhere. He is there. I will introduce you. 


Saraswati	Okay.

Ishwari	Please come in and sit.

Saraswati	Sure.

Ishwari	Dev.

Dev	Yes, mom.

Dev	Yes, mom. What happened?

Ishwari	Son, I made a mistake. Our old neighbour, Mr. Pathak Dada.

Dev	Yes.

Ishwari	I forgot to invite him.

Dev	Oh! I will send the driver right away.

Ishwari	No. Not the driver. It's not good to send the driver at this time. I will do one work, I will go there personally.

Dev	No, mom. There are so many guests at home. It's Neha's engagement. How can you go there?

Ishwari	Okay, I will return very soon.

Dev	No, you wait. I will bring them here. Okay.

Ishwari	Okay. There is still a lot of time for the engagement. You go quickly.

Dev	Okay.

Nikki	Sameer, where will you go for the honeymoon?

Nikki	Neha, don’t stare at me and tell me what have you decided?

Sameer	I am thinking, we will go to Switzerland. What do you think?

Nikki	Sameer, can I give an idea?

Sameer	Hmm.

Nikki	You people go on honeymoon here somewhere in Delhi.

Neha	In Delhi!

Nikki	It's honeymoon. It won't matter where you are when both of you will be lost in each other.

Riya	Sorry, Neha. Please don't get angry. We have planned something to cheer you up.

Nikki	Hmm. Come on!

Nikki	We will show you our talent.

Sameer	Okay, but where are you taking me?

Riya	Come on, Neha! 

Nikki	Come on!

Sameer	Where are you taking me?

Nikki	Mic.

Nikki	Ladies and gentleman! Today is a very big day for Neha. Today she has found her life partner.

Nikki	Neha and Sameer, the cold breeze. So please clap because it's their engagement.

Riya	All of you give them your blessings.

Nikki	Neha has found a strong husband.

Nikki	A caring mother-in-law.

Nikki	On this occasion, we are presenting something special for Neha.

Radharani	Ishwari, that...

Ishwari	Did you eat chaat? We had put a special counter for you over there and eat.

Radharani	Ishwari, I ate a lot in tasting.

Radharani	Don't worry about me. Tell me, how did you like Neha's in-laws?

Radharani	I'm good in finding relations. Did you see? I've found such a royal family. They're so nice. Sameer, her mother and sister.

Ishwari	One minute! Nikki, please come here.

Radharani	Ishwari!

Ishwari	One minute!

Ishwari	What is this? You're making everyone dance but not her. Go!

Nikki	Mom, it's good you reminded us. We'll make aunt to do hip hop.

Radharani	No!

Radharani	Go!

Nikki	No!

Radharani	Aunt, let's go.

Ishwari	Dance.

Ishwari	When I have a son like Dev then relations will surely come. But everything has it's time. When the time arrives, then I'll find a girl for Dev and fix his alliance. But this girl is not fit for Dev.

Saurabh	Wow, nice shot.

Sonakshi's mom	You people always play carrom. You're not worried about Sona's marriage.

Sonakshi's Father	What has Sona's dad done by getting married that Sona will do?

Saurabh	Yeah!

Sonakshi's mom	What nonsense?

Sonakshi's mom	I've found such a nice boy for Sona. At least look at the picture once.

Sonakshi's Father	What's the rush? What is Sona's age right now?

Sonakshi's mom	During Sona's age, I had 3 year old Saurabh with me.

Sonakshi's Father	That was a different time. Until now Sona's age is not meant for marriage. When Sona will be well settled, she'll stay in her house, when he's worth other boys then she'll get married.

Sonakshi	Well said, dad.

Sonakshi	And, the boy should be diet conscious.

Sonakshi's Father	Perfect.

Saurabh	Oh!

Sonakshi	Are you people hungry? Should I make sandwich for you?

Saurabh	Wow! Sona's sandwich. Which has no cheese, butter or fries. Thin girl, we're from a healthy family.

Sonakshi	Fatty, real thing is fitness. What say, dad?

Sonakshi's Father	Absolutely.

Sonakshi's mom	Fitness freak! Nutritionist! We're not going to eat vegetables in this house.

Sonakshi's mom	Today, I'm going make sugar sandwich.

Saurabh	Wow!

Sonakshi's Father	Messages arrive.... (Reaction, laughing).

Radharani	Ishwari, where is Dev? How will we do engagement without him?

Ishwari	Dev might be coming. Here he comes.

Dev	Mom, Pathak uncle doesn't stay there. He's left that place long back.

Ishwari	Oh God! I totally forgot that he's gone to the village. Well now it's time for the engagement and a lot of work is pending.

Ishwari	You also people help in the work. Come on!

Saloni	Actually, I wanted to congratulate you. But you're constantly on the phone.

Dev	Congratulations to you as well. Sorry I'm busy, I've some work.

Saloni	Hey, will you just keep on working? Take care of the guests as well.

Dev	Did you find any difficulty? Is there anything incomplete?

Saloni	You!

Nikki	Dev, both of them are looking very nice.

Female2	Ishwari, after doing so many good deeds in your previous birth you've got a son like Dev. Now you only have less days to stay with Dev. After Dev gets married then, which son stays with his mother? After some time they're just busy with their wife.

Female2	This is like uprooting a plant in the garden and putting it in a pot.

Ishwari	Nothing like that. There are some plants whose roots can never be uprooted.

Radharani	Ishwari.

Ishwari	Radharani, did you meet her? Do you know who is she? Jija's mother, our old neighbour.

Radharani	Okay. Hello.

Female2	Yeah! Hello!

Radharani	Ishwari, I want to talk to...

Ishwari	Listen, please give her company. I've some work. One minute! I'll be right back.

Female2	Well...

Female2	How are you?

Radharani	I'm fine.

Sameer's Mom	Radharani.

Sameer's Mom	I knew that you'll talk to Ishwari. I've brought a coconut for Dev.

Radharani	Well, I'll talk right now. Actually Ishwari is busy with other things. I'll talk to her when I get a chance.


Sameer's Mom	Please do it. I've decided that I'll surely give this coconut to Dev.

Radharani	Don't worry, I'll talk to her. I'll be right back.

Dev	Yeah! Have those files reached the office? Okay.

Dev	Okay. I'll talk to you later. Thank you.

Dev	Miss Saloni, tell me.

Saloni	Am I elder to you? Why are you being formal with me? Please call me Saloni.

Dev	Tell me, Saloni.

Saloni	Actually, I wanted to congratulate you. But you're constantly on the phone.

Dev	Congratulations to you as well. I'm sorry, I'm busy with some work.

Saloni	Hey, will you just keep on working? Please take care of the guests as well.

Dev	Did you find any difficulty? Is there anything incomplete?

Saloni	You!

Sameer's Mom	Nothing will be incomplete in that house which has a son like you. You take care of the entire family. The girl would be every lucky who'll become a daughter-in-law in this house.

Sameer's Mom	Ishwari, before your daughter bids farewell from this house, please bring a daughter-in-law. You will not miss Neha.

Ishwari	Yeah!

Ishwari	Dev.

Dev	I'll be back.

Sameer's Mom	Did Dev say yes? Should I give him this coconut?

Saloni	Mom, what are you doing? How will he say yes when he's not even spoken to me?

Saloni	He's constantly speaking about his sisters and mom.

Saloni	He's not even noticing me. I don't know, if he's interested in me or not? Mom, what did you tell me? You'll fix Dev and my marriage.

Sameer's Mom	Dev and your marriage will surely be fixed. After marriage son is not attached that much to the mother. Then he only calls one person, his wife.

Sameer's Mom	Look at your brother, how he is bringing snacks for his wife, he is not even asking his mother.

Saloni	Mom, will Dev also bring snacks for me like this?

Sameer's Mom	Definitely he will. A big fish definitely takes some time to trap, but it definitely gets trapped. Understood.

Dev	What happened,mom? You look upset.

Ishwari	No! In fact I'm very happy.

Ishwari	Dev, you've given me the biggest gift. Neha's happiness.

Ishwari	Neha should be happy like this, she shouldn't get affected by anyone's bad wish.

Mamaji	Why are you doing all these weird things? 

Mamaji	Until now Neha is not yet married and, you're after Dev's marriage.

Mamaji	Proceeding too quickly can spoil your plan.

Radharani	How can that happen? That's not the case here. And, what's wrong with this alliance? The house and the girl both are good?

Radharani	If that girl comes in this house as a daughter-in-law then Neha will never suffer in that house.

Radharani	By the way, Neha has done a lot for Ishwari and Dev. Now, it's their turn.

Mamaji	Listen to me...

Sameer's Mom	Radharani, if you've spoken then, can I give this to Dev?

Radharani	Break this coconut on my head. You're amazing. At least allow me to talk to them.

Radharani	It's not a piece a cake that I can just ask casually. It's a matter of that boy. Let the engagement finish after that I'll sit and talk peacefully.

Sameer's Mom	Okay. But please do it today. 

Radharani	Yes, I'll speak to him today. And, this is Radharani's promise to you.

Sameer's Mom	Okay.

Mamaji	Radha, I'm telling you this is wrong.

Radharani	I don't want to listen.

Mamaji	(Reaction).

Sameer's Mom	Dev, function was very nice. Nothing will be incomplete in the house that has a son like you.

Sameer's Mom	You take care of the entire family. The girl would be every lucky who'll become a daughter-in-law in this house.

Sameer's Mom	Ishwari, before your daughter bids farewell from this house, please bring a daughter-in-law. You will not miss Neha.

Ishwari	Yeah.

Sameer's Mom	Okay, we'll leave now.
