Male Voiceover	Till now you saw, Dev didn't forget the struggles of his mother. And he considers Ishwari as his God.

Male Voiceover	Dev fixed his sister's wedding with Sameer. But the engagement broke.

Male Voiceover	Neha accused Ishwari for her broken engagement.

Male Voiceover	Ishwari faints after hearing this. Dr.Sinha suggests the best nutritionist to Dev for Ishwari and she is Sonakshi.

Male Voiceover	Now further.

Dr. Sinha	Sonakshi, put your finger down.

Sonakshi	Sir, ask him to do the same.

Dr. Sinha	Mr.Dev, please.

Dev	I do not opt for such childish acts.

Sonakshi	Even I do not opt for some kiddish acts.

Dr. Sinha	I guess, both of you already know each other.

Dev	Dr.Sinha, I do not wish a girl who keeps a watch on her husband and shouts at him publicly to advice my mom.

Sonakshi	He is my husband and I can treat him however I wish.

Sonakshi	Wait. Did you say husband? Really! He is not my husband.

Dev	So you shout on anyone randomly!

Sonakshi	Why don't you let me finish?

Dr. Sinha	Mr.Dev, I think there's some confusion between you both.

Dr. Sinha	Dr.Sonakshi is our hospital's talented nutritionist.

Sonakshi	Doctor, come again.

Dr. Sinha	I said, you are our hospital's talented nutritionist.

Sonakshi	Did you hear?

Sonakshi	Oh! You're checking my profile on the internet! It is called stalking by the way.

Dr. Sinha	Sonakshi! Mr.Dev, she is very good. Isn't she?

Dev	Yes.

Dr. Sinha	Mr.Dev, it is about your mother's health and you need a good nutritionist.

Dr. Sinha	Sonakshi, Mr.Dev is our board's esteemed member. And his mother isn't keeping well.

Dr. Sinha	I give you complete responsibility for her nutritional requirement. 

Dr. Sinha	Here are her papers. Kindly go through them. Please.

Dev	Thank you, doctor.

Dr. Sinha	Yeah. You are most welcome.

Radha	What are you doing?

Radha	Neha, you won't be in peace if you stay here in the house.

Radha	Come with me. Let's go for Nanakchand's spicy chickpeas and fried flat breads.

Radha	You'll feel good. Neha.

Radha	Ishwari, you!

Radha	On phone, Nikki seemed as if you're suffering from cholera. But you appear to be quite ealthy.

Ishwari	Kids are expert in making mountain out of a molehill, Radha.

Neha	Mom, go and grab some rest.

Ishwari	I am fine.

Ishwari	Sobbing on sickness affects one more.

Ishwari	I'll be fine if I walk and do some work.

Radha	You are right, Ishwari. I spoke with Sameer's mom.

Ishwari	Radha!

Radha	Sorry.

Neha	Mom, what is it that you can't speak in my presence?

Neha	My engagement broke in my presence.

Neha	Nothing can be more painful than that.

Radha	Have a look at my footwear. I purchased it from Pahadgunj for Rs.150.

Radha	It broke 4 times and I fixed it 4 times.

Neha	Aunt, come to the point.

Radha	I mean, when Radha can fix her footwear 4 times then why will she not try to fix your mess?

Radha	Ishwari, Sameer, his mom and family desires to fix the alliance again.

Ishwari	No, Ishwari. We are done with them. Let it be.

Radha	What are you saying? I am her aunt. I am not her stepmother. I'm thinking for my daughter's betterment.

Ishwari	I told you, we're done with it.

Radha	Ishwari, a relation is as equal to a thread. It can be fixed.

Ishwari	It will but it will have a knot even in the thread and also in the relation.

Ishwari	They will never let Neha be happy.

Ishwari	We'll find Neha a better partner than Sameer.

Neha	Mom, why do you wish to find one when I do not want to marry?

Neha	Aunt, give all this back to them. This saree and ornaments.

Radha	But keep this Banarasi saree.

Radha	We'll find another alliance but it's hard to find such a lovely saree.

Radha	It suits me, doesn't it?

Sonakshi	I've prepared a diet chart for your mother. Let me explain.

Dev	It's alright. I'm capable to read it.

Dev	It's mentioned to serve extra salt to my mom! Are you serious? It's wrong.

Sonakshi	Are you a doctor? As per the reports, she has sodium and potassium deficiency.

Sonakshi	So it's mentioned so. She's anemic. She has Vitamin B12 deficiency.

Sonakshi	The greatest problem is that you're looking after her and you consider yourself as Mr.Know It All but you actually know nothing.

Sonakshi	Should I explain you further or you'll analyze it yourself?

Sonakshi	Serve her minimum 2 bananas and coconut water regularly. No fried stuffs so no fried flat breads.

Sonakshi	Very less quantity of oil that too olive oil. What happened? Any problem?

Dev	I guess, mom would not follow this chart. Doctor, vitamin supplements are also available. Won't that work?

Sonakshi	Last year, during Durga Pooja at Mela ground, organizers invited duplicate Shahrukh Khan.  All the guests went back.

Dev	What do I have to do with it?

Sonakshi	Just letting you know. Duplicates are not good enough. They don't work.

Sonakshi	Supplements are duplicates of original foods.

Sonakshi	Supplements aren't as natural as original foods. You will have to convince her with the same.

Sonakshi	Or there is only one solution for that age group. Mix turmeric in milk, have it and everything is fine. But that's not good enough.

Sonakshi	Either convince her to follow this diet or admit her here for some days.

Sonakshi	it would be easy to follow diet in this strict environment.

Dev	No! We'll take care of her in the house.

Sonakshi	By the way, you're welcome. You must have said thanks.

Sonakshi	You don't look that rude that you won't even say thanks to the doctor while going.

Sonakshi	I hope your mom gets well soon. No etiquette at all, Mr.Obodro. 

Saraswati	Ishwari!

Ishwari	Saraswati.

Saraswati	How are you?

Ishwari	I'm fine.

Saraswati	I heard that you're not well.

Ishwari	You know, how is Dev? He'll panic when I sneeze otherwise I'm fine.

Saraswati	But you're very lucky that you've got a son like Dev.

Saraswati	Look at my Suraj. Yesterday he was telling my wife we'll make the top level with mom's life insurance money. 

Saraswati	But I wish God grants a son like Dev to everyone.

Ishwari	I should leave now.

Saraswati	By the way, where are you going?

Ishwari	Well I was making rice pudding. So I saw that almonds are over. So I'm going to take that.

Saraswati	Okay.

Ishwari	I'll go now.

Saraswati	Okay.

Male1	You're right.

Male1	You're right.

Dev	Why did you allow mom to go out? Doctor told her to take bed rest.

Neha	Does she listen to anyone? That she'll listen to us.

Dev	You girls! I'll go and see.

Dev	Mom! Mom!

Nikki	Mom!

Riya	Mom!

Neha	Mom!

Dev	Mom!

Dev	Mom, are you okay?

Ishwari	I'm fine.

Dev	Please lie down.

Dev	What was the need to go out? Doctor told you to take bed rest. Why did you go out?

Dev	You could have taken the driver if you had to go out. Why did you go walking?

Ishwari	That mother who has a son like you, she'll always be proud.

Ishwari	It's important to walk so that we remain down to earth. 

Dev	Now, I'm not going to get influenced by you.

Dev	If you don't take care of yourself then we'll have to admit you in the hospital. They'll take good care of you.

Neha	Yeah! Hospital people are her family members, she'll not be fine between outsiders here.

Nikki	Neha, mom is already not well. Please.

Ishwari	No I'm fine, I don't want to go to the hospital. My condition is not that bad, I'm fine.

Riya	But, mom.

Ishwari	You just kept quiet. You people don't know, you're very young. These hospital people do anything to take money.

Ishwari	They've a habit to exaggerate everything.

Ishwari	I'm fine! Please just give me milk and turmeric.

Sonakshi	That generation had only one cure. Just mix turmeric with milk, drink it, and everything will be fine. But that's not good enough. 

Sonakshi	Either you tell her to follow this diet or admit her here for some days.

Dev	Wait, Neha. Sit down.

Dev	Take this, Neha. From today mom will eat according to this.

Ishwari	What is this?

Dev	This is your diet chart.

Ishwari	I'm not going to diet. These people write anything in this.

Ishwari	I can take care of myself, I do take care of myself.

Ishwari	Say it! You people know very well. Big profiteroles used to come from Tiwari's place.

Ishwari	Then I told that confectioner to bring small profiteroles. You know it then tell him.

Nikki	But it was half kg despite the size. 

Ishwari	You too! I'm not going to go.

Dev	From today, you'll eat according to the diet chart. Nothing else.

Ishwari	But I don't want to become thin. I don't like thin people.

Dev	You won't become thin, you'll be healthy.

Dev	Mom, please don't argue. You'll surely follow this diet chart.

Ishwari	Tell me, what's written? Read, what's written in English? Just see if it has Chole bhature.

Dev	Mom.

Ishwari	Okay fine! Kill your mother by giving her tasteless food.

Neha	You'll not get anything apart from this breakfast.

Ishwari	Neha, please listen to me.

Male2	Ma'am.

Ishwari	Yes.

Neha	Dev, I can't handle mom. Either you leave office and sit at home or bring someone to take care of her.

Dev	You've to give coconut water everyday to mom. And this soup is without butter. Okay.

Dev	Neha, you've to take care of mom.

Dev	What happened, Neha?

Neha	What's new, Dev? Since childhood I'm taking care of the kids. I'll do it now.

Dev	I guess it will be good if we admit her in the hospital.

Dev	Neha, you're not alone to take care of mom. I'll support you.

Neha	It wouldn't matter if you don't. I have a habit to be alone with everyone.

Dev	Neha.

Neha	She must have forgotten that I'm her daughter. But I know that she's my mother.

Neha	Please tell her not to argue a lot. Otherwise you'll scold me.

Dev	Kids didn't realize that the mother is growing old.

Ishwari	One pill along with the breakfast. Here, that's it. Huh, I am hungry. Come in.

Neha	Here's your breakfast.

Ishwari	Yes, bring it.

Neha	What happened? Why aren't you eating it?

Ishwari	I make good flat-breads even for the beggars. What did you bring? What is this red thing?

Neha	This is beetroot juice, you must drink it twice a day.

Ishwari	Twice!

Neha	And this is vegetable omelet. 

Ishwari	How is vegetable omelet going to benefit me?

Neha	There is something in it. What is it called, it starts with 'P'...I would have spoken good words if you had enrolled me in a good school.

Neha	And this is mint sauce.

Ishwari	Okay, keep the mint sauce here and take away everything. 

Ishwari	Go tell her to make the fried flat-breads for me and mango pickle.

Ishwari	Go fast, I have to take my medicines.

Neha	You won't get anything except this breakfast.

Ishwari	Hey!


Riya	Neha!

Neha	 I want you to finish it.

Ishwari	Hey, listen to me. I am hungry and what kind of a breakfast I am served?

Ishwari	Everyone is all set to make this house into a hospital.

Neha	Can't you even stitch a button on your own dress?

Nikki	Aww! You look very cute when you are angry. And I tease you to see your cute face.

Ishwari	I can't eat that food.

Neha	Why did you leave the bed? Dev will scold me when he will find out about that.

Ishwari	I will feel dizzy again if I won't eat food.

Neha	You won't get fried flat bread. You have high Kalestrol. 

Nikki	Neha, cholesterol.

Neha	Oh hello, English medium! You can't stitch a button properly and you are teaching me. Keep quiet.

Ishwari	Neha, one little.

Neha	Everything is forbidden for you.

Nikki	Mom, do you remember? You used to stop me from eating the chocolates, now you are getting its result.

Ishwari	You just stay quiet.

Nikki	Finally both of you agree on one thing.

Ishwari	You will make me starve to death.

Neha	Mom.

Male2	Ma'am, I will lose my job.

Ishwari	You are concerned about your job! I will die if I won't eat the fried flat bread.

Ishwari	Is your job more important or my life? Make one more.

Male2	Ma'am.

Ishwari	Hmm.

Dev	Hello! What happened? Is mom okay?

Neha	Mom is okay.

Dev	Then?

Neha	Dev, I can't handle mom. I can't win against mom's stubbornness. She throws tantrums like a kid. I can't do it anymore. 

Dev	But Neha, Mom won't listen to Nikki or Ria at all, if you can't do it. 

Neha	Then Dev, you do one thing, either you leave the office and stay at home or hire someone who can handle mom.

Neha	Because I can't continue this responsibility anymore.

Dev	You must come with me.

Sonakshi	Currently I am busy with my patient. You wait outside.

Dev	You must come with me right now. They can wait, I can't.

Sonakshi	Mr. Dev Dixit. Every patient is important for me.

Sonakshi	You please wait outside for your number to come if you want me to come with you.

Sonakshi	I can't believe this! You are watching Dara Singh's movies in the pregnancy so that your baby will become healthy!

Sonakshi	This is your logic. It's very important for a baby to get the right nutrition during the pregnancy.

Nurse1	Sir! Sir! Sir, wait a minute. Sorry, ma'am. But he didn't stop.

Dev	You must come with me.

Sonakshi	Currently I am busy with my patient. You wait outside.

Dev	You must come with me right now. They can wait, I can't.

Sonakshi	Mr. Dev Dixit. Every patient is important for me.

Sonakshi	You please wait outside for your number to come if you want me to come with you.

Sonakshi	Thank you! There are both water dispenser and waiting room, outside in the left.

Sonakshi	You are looking very dehydrated. Drink a glass of water and wait.

Sonakshi	Mr. Obodro.

Sonakshi	Sorry, I told you, you need to drink 2 glasses of milk in a day. Why didn't you start drinking it?

Female1	Doctor, my mother-in-law says that the cost of two glasses of milk per day is Rs. 1,500 a month. We can't afford that much. 

Female1	Please you do one work, prescribe me some medicines.

Sonakshi	Hmm.

Sonakshi	Take this, take these medicines.

Female1	Doctor, how much will it cost?

Sonakshi	Rs. 2,500.

Female1	(Reaction)

Sonakshi	The cost of milk automatically will seem less when your mother-in-law will get to know that the medicines costs Rs. 2,500.

Female1	Sure. Greetings!

Dev	Can I talk to you?

Sonakshi	Only if you can complete your conversation within 5 minutes.

Sonakshi	Because three patients who came before you are patiently waiting for me outside.

Dev	I just need two minutes.

Dev	I have an offer for you. Both Mr. Sinha and you have seen my mom's reports. 

Dev	You know that she can get better only with a balanced diet.

Dev	So I want you to become my mom's personal nutritionist.

Dev	From tomorrow. Actually from today, right now.
