(MYTHICA 3)
 
Golgotian Soldier	That way, follow me, hurry.

Golgotian Soldier	I hear him, this way.

Golgotian Soldier	Out of the way.

Golgotian Soldier	Halt. Biju-um fleck.

Gojun Pye	Marek.

Gojun Pye	Your mind must be as sharp and focused

Gojun Pye	as the point of that arrow.

Gojun Pye	When undistracted by fear and desire

Gojun Pye	it pierces all things.

Gojun Pye	Turned inward, it pierces you.

Marek	Pierce me, what does that even mean?

Gojun Pye	Focus.

Gojun Pye	Focus.

Marek	 How can I focus when you're teaching in proverbs

Marek	and talking in circles?

Marek	You're holding back.

Gojun Pye	You have faced certain death before

Gojun Pye	and defeated it with your wits and courage.

Gojun Pye	The next time you drain life from someone

Gojun Pye	it will be hard for you to recover yourself.

Gojun Pye	Many years ago, I had a team.

Gojun Pye	We called ourselves the Red Thorns.

Gojun Pye	We were good.

Gojun Pye	The best there was.

Gojun Pye	Good enough to gain the favor of the gods.

Marek	And?

Gojun Pye	And we were rich and powerful,

Gojun Pye	the envy of the realm.

Marek	You were a hero.

Marek	What happened?

Gojun Pye	To stop Szorlok from reuniting

Gojun Pye	the Darkspore, I had to sacrifice a dear friend.

Gojun Pye	There was no other way.

Gojun Pye	The others never forgave me so that was

Gojun Pye	the end of the Red Thorns.

Gojun Pye	Heros do what others can't,

Gojun Pye	not because they want to,

Gojun Pye	not for themselves or their friends.

Gojun Pye	They choose the unwanted paths,

Gojun Pye	the darkest roads.

Gojun Pye	Can you do that?

Marek	Yes, I think so.

Gojun Pye	Good.

Gojun Pye	Ah.

Gojun Pye	For you.

Marek	Thank you.

Gojun Pye	Don't thank me.

Gojun Pye	Tomorrow you will be cursing the day

Gojun Pye	you ever met Gojun Pye.

Gojun Pye	Now, focus. Marek	

Gojun Pye	Possessions, sensations,

Gojun Pye	friends, even enemies,

Gojun Pye	you must cut all attachments and be free from them.

Gojun Pye	Clear.

Marek	When you said you weren't going to hold back,

Gojun Pye	I didn't think you meant it so literally.

Gojun Pye	The more I make you fight me,

Gojun Pye	the less energy you'll have to fight me here.

Marek	What is it?

Marek	What is it?

Gojun Pye	It's just a feeling.

Gojun Pye	It's gone now.

Gojun Pye	We've done enough for today.

Gojun Pye	I'll be here before sunrise,

Gojun Pye	we'll start again.

Gojun Pye	Before sunrise.

Dagen 	Tonight we shake our fists and cry

Dagen/Marek/Thane	To the gods we've long forsaken

Dagen/Marek/Thane	The gods that killed our friends

Dagen/Marek/Thane	 And left the ones they should have taken Dagen Gentlemen, some music please.

Dagen/Marek/Thane	 But now we drink to glory days

Dagen/Marek/Thane	 To wine and women and friends

Dagen/Marek/Thane	 Let's drink and set our hearts ablaze

Dagen/Marek/Thane	 And burn the candles at both ends

Dagen/Marek/Thane	 Tonight's our final night for pleasure

Dagen/Marek/Thane	 Let love and rapture fill us

Dagen/Marek/Thane	 For at dawn we hunt for gold and treasure

Dagen/Marek/Thane	 And the gods will surely kill us ?

Marek	Hammerhead.

Marek	Another round of drinks for the house.

Marek	On the Red Thorns.

Thane	Thank you, Red Thorns.

Marek	We're Red Thorns.

Thane	We're the Red Thorns?

Marek	Yes.

Thane	I like it.

Dagen	No, no, no, red's not really my color.

Thane	Two against one, Dagen.

Thane	We're the Red Thorns.

Marek/Thane/Dagen	We're the Red Thorns.

Tavern Patron	Isn't that Teela.

Marek	Teela.

Thane	Teela.

Dagen	Teela.

Thane	Teela.

Thane	What kept you?

Teela	This and that.

Teela	I am glad to see you, Thane.

Thane	Glad to see me.

Thane	What about how the face you

Thane	most longed to see is mine?

Teela	Heavens, I am famished.

Teela	I must get something to eat.

Dagen	Yes.

Dagen	Yes.

Dagen	No, no, no.

Dagen	Don't fall, don't fall.

Marek	I have to go.

Dagen	No, one more dance.

Marek	No.

Marek	I told Gojun Pye I'd see him tonight.

Dagen	You promised that gray old hermit

Dagen	that you would rather see him than

Dagen	stay with this?

Marek	Not now, Dagen.

Marek	I'm sure there's some old mistress of yours

Marek	that you can seduce into giving you a discount.

Marek	Hmm?

Dagen	Discount?

Dagen	Discount, Marek, wait, wait, wait.

Dagen	All joking aside, let's  go some place, huh?

Dagen	Let's get out of here.

Dagen	You and me, let's take a walk.

Dagen	Just the two of us.

Marek	No, I have to go.

Dagen	The Red Thorns.

Thane	Another pint. 

Tavern Keeper	You must be out of your senses if you don't quit.

Thane	That's the idea.

Teela	I should go.

Teela	I have prayers to make at nightfall.

Thane	Oh God, spare us.

Thane	Is there no end to piety?

Thane	Surely the goddess needs a night off

Thane	from your prayers as desperately as I do.

Teela	Please take your hands off me.

Dagen	What did you think was going to happen?

Dagen	She's unattainable.

Dagen	I mean, you can look, but don't touch.

Thane	Quit it.

Dagen	I will not quit it.

Dagen	It's pathetic.

Dagen	Quite frankly, you're ruining our victory smell.

Dagen	Smells limp and unmanly.

Dagen	It smells like saggy balls.

Dagen	All right.

Thane	I'm done.

Thane	I'll see you back at the cave.

Teela	Goddess of Light, hear my prayer.

Teela	I am at a crossroads.

Thane	It's only me.

Teela	 I haven't finished my prayers.

Thane	This won't take long.

Thane	I just wanted to tell you,

Thane	I was a good soldier.

Teela	What?

Thane	I never fell asleep on a night watch.

Thane	I ate the spoiled field rations without complaint.

Thane	Up every morning before the cock crowed.

Thane	I know what it means to make an oath.

Thane	I know what it means to break one.

Teela	Thane.

Thane	I just want to tell you,

Thane	I respect your vow.

Thane	You won't have to push me away anymore.

Thane	From now, I am your brother at arms.

Thane	Nothing more.

Thane	Right.

Thane	That's about the reaction I expected.

Thane	Good night.

Teela	Thane.

Gojun Pye	Good timing.

Gojun Pye	Let's close the portal before of them come through.

Gojun Pye	Close the portal.

Marek	How do I close it?

Gojun Pye	Try anti-magic.

Marek	Dispel or inverse conversion?

Gojun Pye	Anything.

Gojun Pye	Not good.

Marek	Innundo bana tess.

Marek	Innundo bana tess uszicun

Marek	uszicun bale essek leech.

Gojun Pye	In about  seconds, I'm going to faint

Gojun Pye	from the loss of blood.

Marek	I can't fight them all alone.

Gojun Pye	I just need you to buy me ten seconds,

Gojun Pye	give or take.

Marek	Wow.

Marek	You'll have to teach me that one.

Gojun Pye	Sure, soon as I find enough crushed black pearl again.

Gojun Pye	Right now, I really need you to cauterize my wound.

Marek	Sorry.

Gojun Pye	Oh, God.

Gojun Pye	I'm not sure you had to burn my whole side up.

Marek	Sorry, I panicked.

Marek	Just be glad you fainted before I

Marek	started the burning.

Gojun Pye	I'm not complaning.

Gojun Pye	I mean, I'm here aren't I?

Gojun Pye	Where exactly am I?

Marek	We're near my team's hideout.

Marek	What happened up there?

Marek	The portal, those creatures...

Gojun Pye	Last night, I was struck with a vision

Gojun Pye	of Szorlok stepping off a boat onto dry land.

Gojun Pye	So last night, I went to see for myself,

Gojun Pye	it was a trap and I walked right into it.

Gojun Pye	Hundreds of his minions were waiting for me.

Gojun Pye	So I had to use the portal as a last

Gojun Pye	resort to escape, but they followed me here.

Gojun Pye	Well, you know the rest of the story.

Gojun Pye	Szorlok has two pieces of the Darkspore now.

Gojun Pye	So he's begun to work at reanimating the dead.

Gojun Pye	If he unites all four pieces,

Gojun Pye	his undead legions will spring right

Gojun Pye	out of every unhallowed grave

Gojun Pye	and he would be unstoppable.

Marek	You never told me the whole story,

Marek	how you stopped Szorlok in the first place.

Gojun Pye	It was  years ago, and Szorlok was digging deep

Gojun Pye	into the hidden magics.

Gojun Pye	The Vitalion invaders were on our doorstep.

Gojun Pye	Intoxicated with his new source of power,

Gojun Pye	he sought to expand it further with the Darkspore.

Gojun Pye	Uniting he would become the Lych King,

Gojun Pye	master over death itself.

Gojun Pye	Fortunately, I turned against him

Gojun Pye	before he finished the deed.

Gojun Pye	We stopped Szorlok, even though it cost

Gojun Pye	our kingdom the war.

Marek	What now?

Gojun Pye	Szorlok would need the last two pieces of the Darkspore,

Gojun Pye	and then he would need necromancers.

Gojun Pye	He needs you.

Marek	Well he can't have me.

Gojun Pye	That's right.

Gojun Pye	And you are going to do whatever I tell you now.

Gojun Pye	Agreed?

Gojun Pye	You stay here and do nothing.

Marek	What?

Gojun Pye	Do nothing, and you stay here.

Marek	Wait, you can't just expect me to...

Gojun Pye	Hey, Szorlok is looking for you,

Gojun Pye	but he must not find you.

Gojun Pye	Not until you're ready to face him.

Gojun Pye	To risk meeting is to risk the fate of the world.

Gojun Pye	Do you understand that?

Marek	So, you want me to just hide?

Gojun Pye	Yes.

Marek	Where are you going?

Gojun Pye	You stay in your hideout,

Gojun Pye	and when I return, if you are still here,

Gojun Pye	I will teach you any spell you want.

Gojun Pye	Agreed?

Gojun Pye	Stay here.

Teela	Ana-sett, Goddess of Light.

Teela	Hear my prayer.

Teela	Ana-sett, Goddess of Light, hear my prayer, please.

Marek	Teela.

Marek	Teela what happened?

Teela	Goddess of Light, hear my prayer.

Marek	Teela, what happened?

Teela	He was here. They took him.

Marek	Calm down.

Marek	Teela, what happened?

Teela	The Den has Thane.

Marek	Come on.

Marek	They can't just take a man can they?

Marek	We could go to the Magistrate.

Dagen	No, no, no.

Dagen	Thane is a condemned man,

Dagen	convicted before you freed him.

Dagen	The Vitalions would free him from the Den

Dagen	only to carry out his execution.

Marek	It's all my fault.

Marek	It was me Peregus was after.

Teela	We should go to the Guild,

Teela	plead with Peregus, use all the money that

Teela	we have left.

Teela	Maybe we can pay for his release.

Marek	I can't go.

Marek	I shouldn't have even come this far.

Marek	I'm sorry.

Dagen	What?

Dagen	Look, Thane and I may have our rivalries,

Dagen	and gods know I wished him dead

Dagen	once or twice, but Peregus...

Dagen	Peregus Malister is a notoriously vicious tormentor,

Dagen	and Thane will suffer excruciatingly

Dagen	every minute until he is freed or dead.

Marek	Here's what little money I have,

Marek	take it.

Teela	Thane needs you Marek.

Teela	He would gladly take your place

Teela	were your situations reversed.

Marek	Is that what you want?

Marek	For me to take his place?

Marek	If that's what it comes to, I'd gladly do it,

Marek	and you know it.

Teela	I can't.

Teela	It's all my fault.

Marek	Nonsense, how could it be your fault?

Marek	Dagen, you're more familiar with the Guild

Marek	than either of us.

Marek	Is this enough to free Thane?

Dagen	Maybe, I don't know.

Dagen	It might at least buy us some time.

Dagen	You should come with us, Marek.

Marek	It would infuriate Malister more.

Dagen	Maybe, but I just think you should come.

Dagen	If for nothing else than to say goodbye to him.

Teela	Hurry now.

Teela	Before it's too late.

Peregus	It's not very often a man of my position

Peregus	gets to hold the life of a Vitalion in his hands.

Peregus	This is very special occasion for me,

Peregus	and as a Dieran, I'd like you to know that, Thane.

Thane	It warms my heart to know you're a patriot, Malister.

Thane	Truly.

Peregus	I'll get what's owed to me from your companions.

Peregus	When your bodies is flayed and hung

Peregus	from the city walls they will know

Peregus	how serious I am.

Peregus	I do have a reputation to uphold.

Thane	Be a shame to lose any of your

Thane	vice-ridden, high-placed friends over me.

Peregus	Yeah.



Thane	We can make a deal, Malister.

Thane	I can work it off for you.

Peregus	You keep him alive as long as you can.

Peregus	Stop.

Peregus	You harm another one of my men,

Peregus	and I kill Thane.

Marek	Kill Thane, and there'll be no one left

Marek	to protect you from us.

Peregus	I suppose you've come here to save his life. Not see the both of us die.

Marek	We brought money, but your men outside wouldn't let us in.

Dagen	Say the word, Teela. I've got this maggot's clean shot.

Peregus	Go ahead, kill me, and I will drop this rope, and I will crush his skull.

Teela	Dagen, no.


Peregus	Good. Now we all know our options. Betylla.

Betylla	Peregus?

Peregus	These mercenaries, they're going to solve our supply chain woes.

Betylla	The Eel?

Peregus	Yes. The Eel. What say you, Marek? My dear, shall we strike another bargain?

Thane	Don't fyking listen to him. Kill his men and rip out his beating heart and hand it to him.

Dagen	Peregus, Peregus. What's the job?

Peregus	We are owed a large shipment of ilystrium from a smuggler north of the border. All you have to do is bring the shipment to me, and I will forget all of the offenses Thane has shown me. But, if you fail, he's just going to have to die.

Marek	Why don't we just pay you what we brought and call it good.

Peregus	Do you have , gold in that little purse of yours? Huh? Because that is what one shipment of ilystrium is worth. And that is far less than my reputation is worth. A reputation that was soiled when that fyker put a knife to my throat and forced me to releaase the freedom of that bitch. That bitch I rightfully own. Yes, yes, this is the cost of your freedom, slave girl. This is what you brought.

Marek	North of the border is a large area to search for one man. I'll need Thane for the job.

Peregus	No, that's just impossible. Betylla will accompany you on your journey. So long as I receive correspondence on your progress, I will stay my hand on this Vitalion pig. Are we agreed? Is that agreed?

Marek	Agreed.

Betylla	We leave at dawn.

Dagen	Teela, Teela, stop.

Thane	No regrets, Teela.

Betylla	As long as Peregus Malister is sent one of these each sundown, your friend will live to see another day. We are traveling  leagues on the north road to the war front to find Captain Jamis Purio. Malister thinks you've got what it takes.

Teela	Malister is a foul creature, and if he touches Thane I will personally slit his throat.

Dagen	Hey. For the uh...

Betylla	Your comrade lives to suffer another day.

Dagen	Where do you keep those critters?

Teela	It wasn't an easy feat to come with us. I was wrong to accuse you. You see, I was not myself when I said...

Marek	Forget it. I owe more to Thane than anyone else. You're not wearing your necklace.

Teela	I am no longer worthy to bear the image of Ana-sett.

Marek	You weren't able to heal Thane, but does that go for the rest of us? Maybe your goddess only withdrew her blessing from Thane.

Teela	No. It's different. The heavens are closed to me. She may bless your path.

Marek	No, I can't. I don't want to.

Teela	Please, I cannot bear to carry it so silent and cold. Please take it.

Marek	Fine. But you need to earn back her favor. We need our healer. Thane made his choice and you made yours. It's done. I'm sure that your goddess has nothing to gain for you wallowing in guilt now. You chose love. Now you're here working to save Thane for love. That's brave and noble and any decent goddess would know that.

Teela	Love. Strange to hear you speak so highly of it.

Marek	Do I seem so unfeeling?

Teela	You never take Dagen's affection too seriously.

Betylla	I have business with Captain Purio.

Soldier	Captain Purio is a little busy today. Fighting gooches. War business past this point only.

Betylla	The captain will want to see me, I assure you.

Soldier	You can pass, but only you.

Marek	No. I'm going with you.

Betylla	Fine, but just you.

Betylla	Where's Captain Purio?

Arrow Boy	He was on the front lines last I heard.

Marek	Wait, you can't be serious.

Betylla	If he dies before we get to him our lead will be over and so will the mission, along with the life of your friend.

Dying Soldier	Water, so thirsty.

Betylla	Where's Captain Purio?

Dying Soldier	Please.

Marek	Don't, you bastard.

Betylla	Where?

Dying Soldier	Field hospital.

Captain Purio	What brings you to the bowels of hell? A friendly visit?

Betylla	The Eel. Where is he?

Captain Purio	Woah, now. The Eel’s my friend. Trade secret, his whereabouts. Checks and balances, you know. If I give you the Eel, it cuts me out of the supply chain, you see.

Marek	Please, Captain.

Captain Purio	No, let him kill me. I'll die of the plague and rot anyhow. If the medics don't kill me first.

Marek	I need to find the Eel. He's the key to saving a dear friend.

Captain Purio	Why's a sweet thing like you working with a slug like Betylla?

Please.

Captain Purio	The truth is I've not heard from the Eel in a moon at least.

Marek	But you might know where he is.

Captain Purio	Come closer. The Eel is in love with a whore named Yuliya. She's at The Rose, a traveling brothel camped outside of Ang-Kirk south of the ilystrium mine. If the Eel is hiding from the world, that's where he'll be.

Marek	Thank you.

Betylla	Leave it.

Marek	You bastard, what have you done?

Betylla	No witnesses.

Marek	I'll kill you.

Betylla	You want your friend your friend to die? You will obey me, or not another messenger will be released.

Marek	You're a vile man. How do you live with yourself?

Betylla	I could ask you the same, necromancer.

Teela	Did you find him?

Marek	Yes.

Teela	What happened?

Marek	We know where the Eel is, let's go.

Dagen	Dire wolves. Maybe half a league away at most, we need to build a fire and soon.

Teela	And if a swallow or an owl make prey of it, what then?

Betylla	My beetles are prey to nothing.

Teela	What is that you give them?

Betylla	Only the nourishment they need.

Teela	How long have you had them with you?

Betylla	None of these are older than two years, but I've kept their lineage since I was a boy. Would you like to hold him?

Teela	No, I couldn't.

Betylla	They're clean. They are friend to the farmer and the huntsman. They are the ideal organism.

Teela	What is it you whisper to them when you send one back to the Den.

Betylla	One word. Home.

Marek	I'll take the watch. I can't sleep anyway.

Dagen	Yeah, me neither. How's the training with Gojun Pye going?

Marek	He wants me to be something that I'm not.

Dagen	What, dainty? Elegant, even? Gentle, perhaps.

Marek	That's not funny.

Dagen	It's a bit funny.

Marek	He wants me to dedicate myself completely.

Dagen	Because that would make you more like what? Teela?

Marek	I don't know. Like him. Like a hero, I guess.

Dagen	Marek...You're not at all like any of the other girls. You're one of a kind.

Marek	I don't want to be different.

Dagen	There's great power in you. And I don't mean your magic. You know what you want and you go after it, without hesitation. It's admirable.

Marek	I don't always know what I want. I can't. I want to but I can't.

Dagen	Good morning, darling. How did you sleep? I know. I'll act as nothing happened last night. Of course, nothing did happen last night.

Marek	It wasn't nothing. I'm sorry.

Dagen	Sorry for what? For stopping something that could ruin our friendship and the chance of something better maybe happening in the future? That's yours.

Marek	Thank you, Dagen. You really are the perfect gentleman.

Dagen	Not the perfect gentleman, but something's better than nothing, after all. What?
 
Marek	That must be it. The Rose.

Dagen	I've frequented better. I've frequented worse. Vitalion soldiers could do worse.

Betylla	Get your hands off me. I'm waiting outside. I don't like to be touched by creatures as diseased and foul as these. The three of you search for the Eel and his woman. If you find either of them, bring them to me immediately.

Marek	All right.

Betylla	Immediately.

Marek	Understood.

Brothel Madam	Hello and welcome, travelers.

Dagen	Good lady of The Rose. We have traveled far for this pleasure.

Brothel Madam	Hmm. And pleasure you shall have.

Teela	We are looking for a woman named Yuliya.

Dagen	Sorry, is there a woman here called Yuliya?

Teela	We must see her.

Dagen	Teela, please.

Brothel Madam	Three silver.

Dagen	Three silver? No, no, no, we just want to talk to her.

Brothel Madam	She's a very popular girl. Each.

Yuliya	Yes.

Dagen	Yuliya?

Yuliya	I love your ears.

Dagen	Well, they're hardly my best feature.

Marek	All right, come on.

Yuliya	You brought friends. We can play.

Marek	We're not here for your services.

Dagen	Well...I mean, not initially, no.

Yuliya	Well, I don't have anymore sniff, so whoever told you I was selling gave you old information. Sorry.

Dagen	Actually we're looking for a smuggler called the Eel. Is he a friend of yours? Yuliya?

Teela	Should we take her to Betylla?

Marek	I'm not letting him anywhere near her.

Teela	Why not?

Marek	He'll kill her.

Teela	He will kill Thane if he finds out that we've lied to him.

Marek	Betylla needs us just as much as we need him. It'll be fine. Yuliya. Where is he? Finding him could save a close friend.

Yuliya	I ain't seen him in close to two moons. He said he was boarding a merchant ship for the Eastern Kingdoms. He was more than just a friend. Is that all? Did you want something else of me?

Dagen	No. No, thank you.

Betylla	Imbeciles. Where is the Eel?

Yuliya	He's gone, he's gone.

Betylla	Quite the appetite for a girl in the chucks. How long have you been off the sniff? A moon yet?

Marek	She's told you everything she knows. He's across the Eastern Sea by now. 

The Eel	Mercy, Betylla, please, mercy. I can explain, this isn't my fault. Just listen to me.
 
Betylla	You owe Peregus Malister of the Theives Guild five stone of refined ilystrium. Where is it?

The Eel	It's a funny story actually...

Betylla	Where?

The Eel	Golgotians, Betylla. The mine has been overrun with Golgotian soldiers.

Betylla	You're lying.

The Eel	No, I'm not, I'm not. I swear, I'm not. I only got out because I know the mines better than they do. They must be exporting to the East.

Betylla	If you don't have it and you can't find it then you're of no use to the Guild.

The Eel	I can get you your shipment, I can get it. I can get it.

Betylla	How?

The Eel	When the Golgotians attacked, I stashed everything there was, at least three-stones worth and I know where it is, I can get it.

Betylla	You'll take us there.

The Eel	Yuliya.

Yuliya	Kelton.

The Eel	Goodbye, my love.

Dagen	It was lovely to meet you.

Marek	Don't every betray us like that again.

Teela	I will do whatever it takes, Marek. I'm surprised you wouldn't do the same.

The Eel	You see? The place is crawling with them.

Dagen	And what are Golgotians doing so far from their country?

The Eel	They've discovered the power of voluntary enslavement. Everyone wants the ilystrium for themselves. They're digging too fast, too deep. The mountain's going to erupt if the cave demons don't get to them first.

Betylla	Then you better get on with it.

The Eel	You see the ridge right down there? That's where I dropped your shipment.

Marek	Who's he?

The Eel	The man in charge. His name is Tohk-Kora. He doesn't look Golgotian to me.

Marek	I shouldn't have come here.

Dagen	Hey, hey calm down. What's gotten into you?

Marek	He's looking for me, he knows I'm here.

Dagen	Who's looking for you? Hey, you're scaring me.

Marek	He knows I'm here.

Dagen	Are you talking about that man in the cloak? He's not even looking this way, he's gone into a tent.

Teela	Tohk-Kora. That means Dark Heart in Golgotian.

Dagen	Marek, what is it? What's wrong?

Marek	It's Szorlok.

Teela	It can't be. Why would he care about ilystrium?

Marek	That's not why he's here.

Dagen	There. There is that the ilystrium they're piling up?

The Eel	That's it. Even before refinement, that pile is worth a fortune. What? No, no, no, what are they doing?

Teela	Shh.

Dagen	We need to go, I think Marek's right.

Marek	He's here for the Darkspore.

Betylla	My only concern is your shipment. It's the only thing that will save your precious friend.

Teela	Yes, the shipment is what matters most.

Peregus	It's a good day for you, Vitalion. I received another one of Betylla's beetles. I guess I don't get to kill you for one more day. I'm disappointed in you, Thane. I'd have thought you'd have more fight in you. Huh? Speak up.

Thane	She loves me and there's nothing you can do to take that away.

Peregus	Oh gods, you were a beaten man before I even put a finger on you.

Thane	That's something you will never know.

Peregus	Stupid. Never tell your enemy what you value most.

The Eel	It's just over this next ridge.

Teela	Now's our chance.

The Eel	It can't have gone far.

Teela	Is this not where you left it?

The Eel	It is.

Marek	What exactly are we looking for?

The Eel	It's a little brown bag, about this big. Split up.

Betylla	Do as he says. Find it. Now.

Dagen	No, no, no. Hey. Careful. Cave demons.

The Eel	Golgotians. I told you...

Betylla	That was a stupid move.

Dagen	Marek, go.

Teela	You have to save Thane. Go.

Marek	No.

Dagen	Don't be stupid, run.

Marek	No.

Marek	We can't just keep wandering around. There must be another way out.
 
The Eel	Ilystrium. It's beautiful. So pure. Damn the gods, that's a pretty thing. What do you suppose that's worth?

Marek	I knew it.

The Eel	What is it?

Marek	Your precious mold. It all stems from one corrupting source. The Darkspore.

The Eel	That thing. The source of all ilystrium.

Marek	It's an evil thing. With a dark purpose.

The Eel	I must have it. You could build an empire.

Marek	It was meant to be lost in this mine forever. But all darkness eventually comes to light. I'll take it to Gojun Pye. He'll destroy it or hide it.

Szorlok	You know who I am and you know what I seek.

Teela	You will never get the Darkspore. The gods will see to it that you fail.

Szorlok	The gods? What can the gods do to stop me when I have power over life and death?

Teela	I am not afraid to die.

Szorlok	It amuses me, you are willing to die even for Marek, even though in time she will be the cause of your own destruction. You know this to be true, and yet you cannot help but serve her purpose.

Dagen	She will never help you.

Szorlok	Oh, but she already has. She has already brought me two pieces of the heart of Amun-Kha, and she will inevitably bring me the third. She cannot escape her destiny. She cannot escape me.

Dagen	You know, I never though it would end like this.I'm too young to die.  I'm still in my early seventies.

Teela	I'm sorry. This was not your fault. Not your fight.

Dagen	Oh, please, come on. You know me better than that. I'm in it for the money, the long haul.

Teela	I do know you better than that. You came for Marek.

Dagen	Kinus eyret midi ani-kess.

Teela	We all have strengths and weaknesses.

Marek	No, no, no.

Teela	To Marek.

Dagen	Gross. Where do they hide? Nope, never mind, don't want to know. I will never have another scandalous thought about you again though, I swear. Hey, at least you managed to saveThane for another day.

Teela	I didn't send it to Thane.

Marek	Chakanra.

Teela	Home.

Marek	Shh.  Time to go.

Dagen	Marek it's a trap, run, please. No, no, no.

Marek	Thank you.

Dagen	Come on.

Teela	Thane.

Marek	You bastard.

Szorlok	So you've come to face me as I knew you would.

Marek	Release my friends.

Szorlok	Release them yourself.

Szorlok	You are surrounded by enemies. They are surrounded. Surrounded by enemies.

Szorlok	Unleash your power upon them. Take their life force.  Take their life force and free your friends. There is no other way. Free your friends.

Marek	I will give you the Darkspore, just let them go.

Szorlok	The shard is already mine for the taking. Give me what I desire most. Take your place at my side. Take your place at my side. See how they suffer. You can save them, Marek.

Marek	I'm nothing like you. I'm not a murderer.

Szorlok	No, you are not like me.You are nothing like  me, you insolent child. Now you will suffer the fate of all who defy me.

Teela	Take my life. Use it. Save Dagen.

Marek	No, Teela.

Teela	I give my life freely. Freely, as a sacrifice. It's right to take it.

Marek	No.

Teela	I'm not going to make it. It is right. Goddess, grant me your glory.

Dagen	Marek. Oh, Marek. Oh, no, no, you did everything right. It's over, you did ev erything right. It's ok, you're ok. You did everything right.

Dagen	Come on, come on.Come on.  Ok. All right, you rest, that's a good girl. You rest. Let's see what's left of me.

Marek	I killed her.

Dagen	Oh, no, no, no.Marek, no.  Look at me. Teela sacrificed herself for Thane and for us, ok? But if we don't hurry, her blood really will be on our hands. So I need you to walk, ok? Can you walk?  That's a girl, come on. Come on, I need you to walk. Come on. It's ok, it's ok. All right, together, ready?
 
Peregus	Wake up. Come on. I didn't get my beetle today. I guess that means your friends are dead. Huh? Why don't you speak up?

Thane	I'll kill you.

Peregus	Yes. Yes, I believe you would. That is why you must die, Vitalion. 

Dagen	Let him go.

Peregus	Good timing. Men.

Thane	Where is she?

Dagen	We'll talk about it when we're out of here, Thane my friend.

Peregus	Unfortunately, I'm not letting anybody leave today. I'm going to kill Thane, and then I'm going to kill both of you. Finish them.

Thane	Where is Teela?

Dagen	It's complicated, my friend.

Thane	Is she hurt? 

Dagen	I'm sorry.  I'm so sorry.

Dagen	Teela sacrificed herself to save you, Thane. To save you.

Marek	You were right. I shouldn't have gone.

Gojun Pye	I know the resting place of the fourth shard. Szorlok has no way to find it. So we will watch and fight if it comes to that. Until then, we stand ready.

Marek	You're packing light.

Dagen	It's a long journey. What's the plan with Szorlok then?

Marek	He's mortal man. He breathes, he eats, he sleeps.

Thane	He bleeds. There's not a place in the world he can hide.
