Speaker off	Pay attention now! What you will see here in a little bit, will put you in absolute awe. 

Mod 1 male	The world has never seen anything like it. It’s an absolute sensation!

Speaker	After 30 years of research

Mod 2 female	I don’t believe it

Speaker off	It’s a cleaning revolution.

Mod 1	I’ve been selling cleaning products for 10 years but I’ve been waiting for a cleaner like this…

Speaker off	Here shortly, you can see for yourself how you can almost magically clean everything from highly glossy surfaces to wood, from textiles to windows, from tiles to parquet, from ceramic glass cooktops to baking sheets with a single cleaning system. You can clean EVERYTHING and it works like magic. You can even descale all kinds of appliances while saving time, effort, and cold hard cash. Because one package of Pure100 replaces up to 30 different cleaning products and it’ll last you for a whole two years. Pure100’s unique formula is the result of 30 years of research using entirely natural ingredients only. Decorated with Europe’s highest awards for eco-friendly products, just a few drops of the unique Pure100 solution turns ordinary tap water into the most effective cleaning agent the world has ever seen. Pure100 is so strong and economical that the basic package yields 180 bottles of miracle cleaner that you mix yourself. Stay tuned and see with your own eyes, how Pure100 makes simple tasks even simpler and takes on impossible challenges in an unbelievable fashion—and this WITHOUT any kinds of chemicals, WITHOUT any hazards. We guarantee that our offer will astonish you just as much as the results of Pure100 will amaze you.

Mod 1	What I brought for you today, is an absolute sensation. You know how it is. You have 30 different cleaning products in you home for the 30 different surfaces in your house. We’ve reduced these 30 cleaners to 3 basic cleaning products. 

Mod2	Three!

Mod1	Let me show you what the cleaner can do. This is a high gloss kitchen surface.

Mod2	Mmmh—these are really delicate!

Mod1	That’s right! Can I use a normal all-purpose cleaner on it? Yes, we can! Why? Because we work without chemicals. Nothing gets dull, no circles, no scratches. It’s the perfect cleaner for all your surfaces.

Mod2	You really shouldn’t use a sponge like that.

Mod1	Let’s try it—no chance.

Mod2	Iiiijeeeehhh

Mod1	(Laughter) Now, we just take our all-purpose cleaner. Just spray it on… 

Mod2	Wow! It dissolves the dirt right away, it takes it off

Mod1	Christina, have a look at what’s happening. I don’t have to do anything…I’m using a micro fiber cloth…you just lay the cloth onto the surface…and wipe it down!

Mod2	Wow!

Mod1	That’s it. And the result is fantastic, naturally. It’s absolutely top-notch!

Mod2	Like new!

Mod1	From the attic to the basement, we can clean everything for which you’ve so far used a window cleaner, maybe used a separate kitchen cleaner, maybe would have used a carpet and upholstery cleaner…you won’t need any of that anymore, you’ll only need our all-purpose cleaner.

Mod2	And it’ll last you for two years. This is your supply for two years, you won’t need to buy anything else.

Mod1	Exactly! Grease and dust is really extreme, nothing will take that off. But we’ll just spray on our all-purpose cleaner

Mod2	I want to see that.

Mod1	Yes..just spray it on and now watch what’s happening.

Mod2	Here it goes again, it dissolves the grime.

Mod1	Exactly. It dissolves it immediately, and that’s the key. We take a cloth, it doesn't matter what kind. As I said before, I’m a fan of micro-fiber and I just go over it, I just wipe down the whole surface. And that’s it.

Mod2	Mr. 100 percent, I’d say it’s 100 percent clean.
Mod1	Naturally, this is an absolute sensation. And what used to be dirty like that, it came from a fast-food stand…

Mod2	Yuck!

Mod1	…it used to be trash…that was thrown out

Mod2	That’s a real endurance test...

Mod1	Right. But now it looks really neat again. But naturally, the all-purpose cleaner can do a whole lot more…

Mod2	Okaaay..

Mod1	Let's take a generic kitchen surface. Christina, here are some crayons…

Mod2	But they are really greasy…

Mod1	Go over it real hard!

Mod2	Are you sure?

Mod1	I am sure. Christina, you would’t seriously believe that I’d stick my head out for cleaner that would’t work?

Mod2	No!

Mod1	Shoe polish on top—tah—have a look.

Mod2	You’ll never get that clean!

Mod1	Yes, you do! We’ll get that spick and span. I take some cream and slop it on, you can use a little more…and to round it all off, we’ll also use a little bit of hairspray.

Mod2	Please, don’t seal it in with hairspray.

Mod1	That’s what we’re doing.

Mod2	That’ll never come off, NEVER!

Mod1	This all-purpose cleaner, I say it again…no hazard warning label…on the contrary! We have certificates for it being friendly to the environment, to humans and animals alike, even though it’s highly efficient and that alone is just brilliant. Just spray it on. It practically dissolves the grime by itself. And that’s the key: This cleaner, it finally does the work for you, all by itself! No need for major rubbing, no major scrubbing, scouring, whatever, you won’t need to do it anymore. You only take a cloth, put it on and just wipe it off.

Mod2	WooooooooW!

Mod1	And everything is spick and span. The grime is gone and the surface is well cared for.

Mod2	Wow!

Mod1	An absolute top result!

Speaker off	Pure100 is the all-in-one solution for any kind of soiling. From highly glossy surfaces to wood, from textiles to windows, from tiles to parquet, from ceramic glass cooktops to baking sheets. In short: From the ceiling to the basement, Pure100 takes care of EVERYTHING! Fast, simple, environmentally friendly and unbelievably economic. With a few drops of highly effective Pure100, you can turn tap water into the strongest cleaner the world has ever seen. And you can replace your floor cleaner, tile cleaner, bathroom cleaner, rinse aid, window cleaner, dish detergent, degreaser, descaled, toilet cleaner, carpet cleaner and much more.

Mod1	Now we’ll use it on a textile surface. When I take normal carpet foam, I have a big issue: fire hazard! Why? Highly flammable! And that I can show you right here. Let’s put some in here and now we look what happens when it comes into contact with fire.

Mod2	Ooooooooh!

Mod1	Yes—and that’s certainly brutal.

Mod2	Yes, that would happen on your carpet.

Mod1	Yes. When I just imagine that during Christmas a candle topples over, then the whole place goes up in flames.

Mod2	Big time!

Mod1	The alternative is simple and obvious: Pure100, the all-purpose cleaner. It’s brilliant. No hazard warnings. Have a look for yourself. And! It works sensationally well. All you have to do is spray some onto the stain, just like I do here, that’s enough.

Mod2	It takes it straight out.

Mod1	The stain is starting to dissolve. Now take a dry cloth. Simply work it with slow circular motion and now just one more thing: Simply dab the stain until it’s gone.

Mod2	Wow, it really comes out of the fibers.

Mod1	Just look at this result.

Mod2	As if it had never been there.

Mod1	Completely clean. And now I’ll top that, it’s just brilliant. We use our all-purpose cleaner as a laundry booster. We all know these stain lifters, we can get them in every supermarket but by now, it would be the 25th bottle taking up space in my cabinet.

Mod2	Yes....Mhm.

Mod1	We no longer need it. All those cleaners that we’ve just talked about get replaced by these 3 basic cleaners. And to illustrate just how impressive it is, I’d like to give you the marker so you can scribble on it.

Mod2	You’re not serious? Oooooh....

Mod1	(Laughter) Yes that’s good. Just take the all-purpose cleaner, spray it on and immediately you can see what happens. The marker stain is dissolving. Without a problem, you can now put it into your washing machine. But what if I’d like to wear it right away? Then I’ll just take a damp cloth, go over it and now have a look…(laughter)

Mod2	That’s impossible! It’s gone!

Mod1	Isn’t that just fantastic? 

Mod2	That is utterly unbelievable!

Mod1	Nothing remains of the marker.
Mod2	There’s nothing left to see! Ladies and Gentlemen, that’s the cleaner you just used to clean your kitchen, you just used it to clean your bathroom, you’ve used it to clean your carpet, and now you can even get your laundry clean with it!

Mod1	Isn’t that fantastic? 

Speaker off PreCTA1	Pure100 starts to dissolve burnt-in grime within seconds of application! Pure100 removes ALL soils from highly glossy surfaces as well as from wood. Pure100 eliminates scales and grime from grout and tiles! Pure100 successfully fights EVERY kind of dirt and it’s fast, efficient and highly effective! And all of that WITHOUT using any chemicals. It’s environmentally friendly and absolutely safe! After 30 years of research, the developers of Pure100 worked out a mixture of natural ingredients that puts everything that has been available so far, into the dark. Just a few drops of the brilliant Pure100 solution are enough to turn tap water into a highly effective cleaner! And YOU will receive enough of this precious solution, so you won’t have to buy another detergent for the next TWO YEARS!

Speaker off CTA1	Call now, and today you’ll receive a whole 500 ml Pure100 all-purpose cleaner that’s enough for 125 bottles of unbeatable cleaning power! You’ll also receive 450 g Pure100 descaler—enough for 30 bottles of mega-strong descaling power! FOR FREE AND WE’LL EVEN TAKE IT ONE STEP FURTHER! Only HERE AND TODAY,  you’ll receive 500 ml Pure100 degreaser for 25 bottles of degreasing power absolutely for free on top of it! That's 180 bottles of all natural, environmentally friendly and highly effective cleaning power that will replace ALL cleaning products in your household for a whole 2 years! In retail stores, 180 bottles of quality all-purpose cleaners will easily cost you 500€ or more- and still they don’t have the cleaning power that Pure100 has! But here at MediaShop, you will receive this unbeatable package deal—NOW ONLY— for an unbelievable 39,90€.  You heard right–-only 39,90€. That’s just 22 Cent per bottle. It can’t get any more economically priced, any simpler, or any more effective. But here’s the PURE100 mega-scoop! When you order during this show, you will also receive the Pure100 extension set with 3 spray bottles for easy mixing & applying, and a high quality micro fiber cloth — all absolutely for free! So, you’ll receive the complete Pure100 mega- package for 180 bottles of incomparable cleaning power that will easily last for at least 2 years and you STILL ONLY pay MediaShop’s lowest price of only 39,90€ — that’s an unbeatable offer! But BEWARE —this offer is strictly limited & available for a short time only! So, what are you waiting for??? Call immediately or comfortably place your order online at www.mediashop.tv

Mod1	Of course, you can use it on parquet or laminate floors. This doesn’t come off easily. For this, you’d need a parquet or laminate cleaner

Mod2	Yes....

Mod1	In any case, I’d have to buy yet another cleaner. But with a swipe—you can see how wonderful—everything is removed completely. Please look closely because this is crucial. You see immediately that the floor has dried off. It means, you can walk on it right away. Here we go again: Pure100 is the first and best choice!

Mod1	The only thing we haven’t cleaned yet is a window pane.

Mod2	Oh, yes!

Mod1	And what would we need for it? An extra window cleaner? No need for it with our Pure100 all-purpose cleaner. The worst case scenario for a window are fingerprints and what do I see? Lotion on your hands.

Mod2	Yeees---

Mod1	Exactly, and this would already be a humongous challenge for any kind of glass cleaner. But I’ll turn it up a notch, I’ll smear shoe polish on it as well. Yes, that really is the worst you can imagine. Now we just apply our all-purpose cleaner. The great thing is that it is so super easy to use. The grease is already breaking up. You only need to follow up and just wipe off this horrendous mess.

Mod2	Have you ever cleaned a window that fast?

Mod1 	That’s it. It can’t get any simpler, any more economical or any more effective. Pure100 all-purpose cleaner—it is an all-purpose weapon.

Speaker of	REPEAT! Pure100 is the all-in-one solution for any kind of soiling. From highly glossy surfaces to wood, from textiles to windows, from tiles to parquet, from ceramic glass cooktops to baking sheets. In short: From the ceiling to the basement, Pure100 takes care of EVERYTHING! Fast, simple, environmentally friendly and unbelievably economic. With a few drops of highly effective Pure100, you can turn tap water into the strongest cleaner the world has ever seen. And you can replace your floor cleaner, tile cleaner, bathroom cleaner, rinse aid, window cleaner, dish detergent, degreaser, descaled, toilet cleaner, carpet cleaner and much more.


Mod1	When I want to descale something, for example the coffee maker, the kettle, the washing machine, the dishwasher—all get scale deposits. Why is a descaler so important? When it looks like this, it is ruined, then I’ll have to buy a new washing machine (MOd2 „Mhm“, several times) buy a new kettle, buy a new washing machine, and so on 

Mod2	And that gets real expensive!

Mod1	Therefore, we need a descaler that’s really extremely hard on scale but gentle on the heating rods or the heating surface in the kettle. (MOd2 „Mhm“, „Yes“ several times)

Mod1	Included in this set is the best descaler I’ve ever had in my hands. 450 grams of pure descaler, yet without any chemicals—that’s an absolute sensation. To demonstrate its power, I’ve brought in two lime stones and a generic descaler. One limestone I throw into the generic descaler, the other one into ours.

Mod2		Huuuuh! Look at that!

Mod1	That’s really taking off.

Mod2	It’s got power. It dissolves it right away!

Mod1	That's exactly how a descaler has to work. I’m working in the cleaning business for over 10 years. This descaler is the best and most powerful, I’ve ever experienced. I’ve removed a few heating rods.

Mod2	That’s what they look like in my machine?.....No!

Mod1	That’s what they look like…but then it’s most likely too late. Now, I put this calcified heating rod into our descaling solution  (MOd2 „Ok“) and look what’s going to happen (MOd2 „Woooow!“). What happens immediately is that the calcifications disappear. Now I take it out and it’s quite obvious what has happened. 

Mod2	Spick and span!

Mod1	In a jiffy!

Mod2	Unbelievable!

Mod1	Christina, now you can see why I’ve claimed with good reason that this is the strongest and best descaling agent that I’ve ever sold.

Mod2	Mr. 100 Percent and he will do no less than 100 percent!

Mod1	I take out the heating rod and you can see it nicely: a heating rod is made of brass, a heating rod is not white. It’s the calcification and we’ve removed it completely.

Speaker off	Coffee machine, iron, shower heads, and a lot more. All these things have a big enemy: calcifications. With Pure100 descaler, you can descale every appliance and every surface without effort and it’s very economical. The all-natural formula contains no harsh chemicals and can be used for descaling of any sort. And now, just compare! How much do you pay for a little bottle of descaler? Here and today, you receive 30 bottles of descaler for free and without charge on top of it!

Mod1	So Christina, now we’ve turned our descaler into a bathroom cleaner. And where do we need it the most? Naturally and foremost in our shower. And naturally, our bathroom cleaner even gets this cleaned up. The only thing that needs to be done is spray it on. The brilliant thing once again: The cleaner starts to work right away, you only have to spray it on and watch how it fights the scale deposits. Now, I just take a cloth and go from left to right. From left to right and wipe it off. Christina, have a look (MOd2 „Woooaaa!“) at these fantastic results. It’s great, isn’t it?

Mod2	The surface is as smooth as glass!

Mod1	And this! It’s really top notch!

Mod1	To clean the fittings, to clean the sink—here alone we can replace at least 2 or 3 different cleaning products that we’d otherwise have to pay for and that would take up space in our cabinet. Just spray it on, let it do the work. Look at that massive scale crust, how it dissolves by itself. You see it because of how it foams up.  (MOd2 „Yes“) Take a cloth and just wipe over the fittings...

Mod2	Wow! It sparkles!

Mod1	This means: I can get a fantastic result by simply spraying our bathroom cleaner onto the fittings and in no time at all, everything is completely clean.

Mod1	So, Ladies and gentlemen, on this page are all the different cleaners that you probably have in your home. That’s all the cleaners that take up space in your home.

Mod2	That I have to haul home.

Mod1	Exactly! There’s a toilet cleaner and there’s the bathroom cleaner.

Mod2	Here’s the descaler, there’s the parquet cleaner, um, um the dish detergent.

Mod1	Kitchen cleaner!

Mod2	Here I see the window cleaner. We won’t need any of this any more!

Mod1	You can completely forget about all these from now on. The only thing you need is Pure100. 500 ml of all-purpose cleaner, 500 ml of degreaser, and 450 g of descaler. The only thing you need on top of that is tap water. And then you can mix 180 bottles of cleaning product in your home.

Mod2	That’s a complete supply for 2 whole years.

Mod1	It saves time, it saves energy, and most of all, it saves you cold hard cash!

CTA2	REPEAT! Call now, and today you’ll receive a whole 500 ml Pure100 all-purpose cleaner that’s enough for 125 bottles of unbeatable cleaning power! You’ll also receive 450 g Pure100 descaler—enough for 30 bottles of mega-strong descaling power! FOR FREE AND WE’LL EVEN TAKE IT ONE STEP FURTHER! Only HERE AND TODAY,  you’ll receive 500 ml Pure100 degreaser for 25 bottles of degreasing power absolutely for free on top of it! That's 180 bottles of all natural, environmentally friendly and highly effective cleaning power that will replace ALL cleaning products in your household for a whole 2 years! In retail stores, 180 bottles of quality all-purpose cleaners will easily cost you 500€ or more- and still they don’t have the cleaning power that Pure100 has! But here at MediaShop, you will receive this unbeatable package deal—NOW ONLY— for an unbelievable 39,90€.  You heard right–-only 39,90€. That’s just 22 Cent per bottle. It can’t get any more economically priced, any simpler, or any more effective. But here’s the PURE100 mega-scoop! When you order during this show, you will also receive the Pure100 extension set with 3 spray bottles for easy mixing & applying, and a high quality micro fiber cloth — all absolutely for free! So, you’ll receive the complete Pure100 mega- package for 180 bottles of incomparable cleaning power that will easily last for at least 2 years and you STILL ONLY pay MediaShop’s lowest price of only 39,90€ — that’s an unbeatable offer! But BEWARE —this offer is strictly limited & available for a short time only! So, what are you waiting for??? Call immediately or comfortably place your order online at www.mediashop.tv

Mod1	Included in the set is also a degreaser—500 Milliliter! And this degreaser easily suffices for a whole 2 years. Why do I need a degreaser? To get rid of extreme grime. (MOd2 „Mhm“) For example, to clean the filter of the range hood. And now—dear director—it’s crucial for you, please no cuts, stay on it with the camera! Because what I will show you now, the world has never seen before. It’s an absolute sensation. Watch out! I just dip it into our degreaser(MOd2 „Aaaaaah“) and now you can already see what’s happening. Isn’t it brilliant?

Mod2	It dissolves it as if by magic, this is unbelievable!

Mod1	Exactly, but we’re no magicians, we just use the power of nature.

Mod2	And you didn’t even have to scrub!

Mod1	No scrubbing, no polishing, no scouring, nothing.

Mod2	You just dipped it in!

Mod1	Exactly. And now you see its effectiveness. Now, I take it out and now, have a look at that!

Mod2	Now, have a look at that! That’s how you really clean a range hood!

Mod1	Isn't it brilliant? That’s a real hammer. Because of the degreaser’s strength, it’s so strong that it takes everything out of the pores, out of this honeycomb structure. No, you can never get to it, no way! Absolutely top notch!

Mod1	On this ceramic cooktop, I will now burn in sweetened condensed milk. In lieu of all the boiled over milk, the boiled over rice pudding. Just turn on the burner.

Mod2	You’re burning that in?

Mod1	I’m burning it in at 1500 degrees. 

Mod2	Crazy!

Mod1	And everybody knows that this is the absolute show-stopper. 

Mod2	Stefan, stop it, you’ll never be able to clean it up again!

Mod1	Christina, don’t worry. We’ll just have to get through this. Now, I’ll simply spray our Pure100 degreaser onto it and let it work for a little bit. We’ll take it off completely in just a little bit. Meanwhile, we’ll take this baking sheet. If I applied some degreasing gel that’s full of harsh chemicals, then I would ingest these chemicals next time I use the sheet for baking or roasting.

Mod2	Would you like to have a cleaner on your baking sheet that flaunts a skull on its label?

Mod1	Speaking of skulls, I’ll just show you our label again. This degreaser is so very powerful and yet, there is no need for a hazard warning label!

Mod2	And you only need a very small amount. It’s enough to last you for 2 years, a bottle for 22 Cent, that’s all you need in your household.

Mod1	Exactly right! 

Mod2	That’s some mean burnt-in grime on there.

Mod1	Exactly! No chance, normally we can do what we want and not get it off. But now, we’ll do one thing: Pure100 degreaser. Spray the baking sheet all over, just like I do here. Look, it’s so easy and the best thing about it: I put it aside, cross my arms, maybe drink a cup of coffee and that’s it. Some chemical agents, I’d have to let soak for at least 20, 30 minutes. Not Pure100! I let it work for about 15, 20 seconds. And now watch out what I do now. I just wipe off the baking sheet.

Mod2	It comes off immediately!

Mod1	Immediately!

Mod2	It comes off immediately, by now I’d have scratched the surface with a sponge.

Mod1	And on the left and right you see how the grime detaches completely. The burnt-in residue from your last chicken, your last steak, yes, it comes off completely and I have to do only one more thing: go over it with a cloth. Christina, have a look at this! Just wipe over it and that’s it.

Mod2	There’s no longer a greasy film, there’s nothing at all!

Mod1	That’s really clean. And the crucial point is…because we have no hazard warning label, because we use nature’s power, that’s why I can use the baking sheet right after it has been cleaned.

Mod1	I'm selling cleaning products for over 10 years now and I’ve been waiting for something like this. Why? Because it does the work for me and it’ll work for you as well. You have less work, you save energy, and the best thing about it: it’s so economical that it saves you cold hard cash!

Mod2	And that’s what the man says that has thoroughly tested every cleaner on the planet in his home for the last 10 years!

Mod1	Exactly! Pure100 knocked me off my socks. And now, lets get back to the burnt-in stuff on the ceramic cooktop.

Mod2	Now!Now! Now! I can’t wait any longer!

Mod1	Take a little sponge and go over the treated area, just like I do. Take a normal piece of cloth and wipe it off (MOd2 „Woooaaa!“) Off in a jiffy—That’s a top notch result.

Mod2	I can’t believe it!

Mod1	And now, we’ll do the rest as well. We just detach the grime, we’re all done, that’s all we have to do. Watch out, now pay attention! We wipe it off in one go and now it’s completely clean again.

Mod2	It's like new.

Mod1	Yes, like new. We take a dry cloth, lay it down and just wipe it off. Dear ladies and gentlemen, now be really, really honest! Have you ever seen something like this before? I haven’t. So far, we had to use a normal ceramic cooktop cleaner, another expense, then I had to take a scraper. A scraper, I had to use! And all other kinds of things that were not good for my ceramic cooktop. It was either the harsh chemicals that made my ceramic cooktop dull, or the scraper scratched it all up. 

Mod2	But from now on, you only have one single degreaser for your whole household and it’s so economical that it’ll last you for 2 years.

Mod1	I've brought in 3 different cleaners that we bought at the supermarket around the corner and look down here! In the small print you can read: keep away from children, avoid eye contact. The second is highly flammable, so we have a real fire accelerator. Just imagine, that’s what you’re bringing into your home. And the third? According to the label it’s an irritant. It’s all hidden in the small print on the back so you hopefully won’t see it. And now I’ll show you the hazard warning on our Pure100 products. I turn it around and you can see clearly that there are no hazard warnings there. None at all.

Mod2	No! Not a single one?

Mod1	On the contrary! We are highly decorated with awards for posing no threat to the environment, to humans and animals while being powerful and effective on dirt. That’s brilliant!

Mod2	No way!

Mod1	It doesn’t get any easier, any more effective, or any more economical. Pure100—it’s a true all-purpose weapon!

SPEAKER OFF PreCTA2	REPEAT!  Pure100 starts to dissolve burnt-in grime within seconds of application! Pure100 removes ALL soils from highly glossy surfaces as well as from wood. Pure100 eliminates scales and grime from grout and tiles! Pure100 successfully fights EVERY kind of dirt and it’s fast, efficient and highly effective! And all of that WITHOUT using any chemicals. It’s environmentally friendly and absolutely safe! After 30 years of research, the developers of Pure100 worked out a mixture of natural ingredients that puts everything that 5has been available so far, into the dark. Just a few drops of the brilliant Pure100 solution are enough to turn tap water into a highly effective cleaner! And YOU will receive enough of this precious solution, so you won’t have to buy another detergent for the next TWO YEARS!

Speaker off  CTA3	REPEAT! Call now, and today you’ll receive a whole 500 ml Pure100 all-purpose cleaner that’s enough for 125 bottles of unbeatable cleaning power! You’ll also receive 450 g Pure100 descaler—enough for 30 bottles of mega-strong descaling power! FOR FREE AND WE’LL EVEN TAKE IT ONE STEP FURTHER! Only HERE AND TODAY,  you’ll receive 500 ml Pure100 degreaser for 25 bottles of degreasing power absolutely for free on top of it! That's 180 bottles of all natural, environmentally friendly and highly effective cleaning power that will replace ALL cleaning products in your household for a whole 2 years! In retail stores, 180 bottles of quality all-purpose cleaners will easily cost you 500€ or more- and still they don’t have the cleaning power that Pure100 has! But here at MediaShop, you will receive this unbeatable package deal—NOW ONLY— for an unbelievable 39,90€.  You heard right–-only 39,90€. That’s just 22 Cent per bottle. It can’t get any more economically priced, any simpler, or any more effective. But here’s the PURE100 mega-scoop! When you order during this show, you will also receive the Pure100 extension set with 3 spray bottles for easy mixing & applying, and a high quality micro fiber cloth — all absolutely for free! So, you’ll receive the complete Pure100 mega- package for 180 bottles of incomparable cleaning power that will easily last for at least 2 years and you STILL ONLY pay MediaShop’s lowest price of only 39,90€ — that’s an unbeatable offer! But BEWARE —this offer is strictly limited & available for a short time only! So, what are you waiting for??? Call immediately or comfortably place your order online at www.mediashop.tv

