RUPAUL	Previously on "RuPaul's Drag Race"... You'll be working in pairs to create presidential campaign ads.

DERRICK BARRY	Every team is going to hope that Bob and I fail. Why?

DERRICK	But we both want to win.

BOB THE DRAG QUEEN	(cackles)

THORGY THOR	I think we got everything.

MICHELLE VISAGE	Do you want a shot of Chi Chi drinking booze?

THORGY	I think I'm good.

MICHELLE	Okay.

RUPAUL	Thorgy Thor.

VIVICA A. FOX	I got totally confused when you didn't say anything about the booze.

THORGY	There were too many ideas.

RUPAUL	Bob The Drag Queen and Derrick Barry.

MICHELLE	I would love to see a fully realized glamasaurus rex.

BOB	Okay.

CARSON KRESSLEY	Don't just give us that same old pretty makeup. Show us something completely different.

RUPAUL	Condragulations. You are both the winners of this week's challenge. Chi Chi DeVayne, shantay, you stay. Thorgy Thor, sashay away.

CHI CHI DEVAYNE	Whoo, my goodness.

BOB	Girl.

NAOMI SMALLS	Poor Thorgy.

KIM CHI	I cannot believe that all happened.

BOB	That was a-- that was a rough one.

KIM CHI	That was, like, so emotional.

CHI CHI	"Please take down Bob. She's terrible. Anyway, love you guys. Top three: Naomi, Bob and 'Deryk.' That was shady. Thorgy."

BOB	There you have it, girl.

KIM CHI	Whoa, that was really shady. Damn, Thorgy. But you're not here anymore, so I guess it really doesn't matter, huh?

BOB	That's so typical Thorgy. I mean, that's my homegirl. I was so excited to see her when I got here. And I was sad to see her go. Even though she got competitive with me, that's Thorgy. I love her anyway. And I really am gonna miss her. That was a lip-sync for the ages, mama.

DERRICK	That was epic.

CHI CHI	I'm at a loss for words, 'cause it was so unexpected. Child, I'm gonna erase this [bleep]. Real talk, y'all? Derrick's ass should've been lip-synching tonight, and I know I'm not the only girl that's thinking it.

NAOMI	When they said that Derrick was in the top, I was like, "Okay, I did not see that."

DERRICK	That's where her jealousy kicked in.

KIM CHI	Purely based on the runway look, I think Derrick should've been in the bottom. Derrick's black-and-white runway looked like he stepped out of the thrift store bargain sale day.

DERRICK	Bob and I smeared the [bleep] out of each other like Ru told us to do, so I felt like Bob and I won. I think the other queens, those bitches better be scared, because now I'm competition. Oh, you didn't win a challenge? Oh, I did?

BOB	I think it was your ensemble that they read you for. Your outfit.

NAOMI	Yeah, I think that's where all the negative was. And they want you to start carving yourself.


KIM CHI	They have seen this look from you, so I think they want to see something else you can do with a higher arch brow--

DERRICK	Yeah, and I get that. I get that, that I really didn't change my makeup besides doing black and white, but I wanted to look like an old movie star.

BOB	I'll tell you this. If they tell you to do more draggy, block that brow. Bring it up to your goddamn [bleep] hairline.

DERRICK	Right. If I come out, and I do not have my brow raised, there is no excuse for me to be here.

CHI CHI	Derrick talking about she gonna change her makeup, do this, do that. Like, girl, we've been telling you that from the beginning. Like, what the [bleep]?

DERRICK	Oh, my goodness.

CHI CHI	Girl, it is too damn late.

DERRICK	Ow!

CHI CHI	Bye, boo-boo.

RUPAUL	The winner of "RuPaul's Drag Race" receives a one-year supply of Anastasia Beverly Hills cosmetics and a cash prize of $,. With extra special guest judges David and Amy Sedaris!

RUPAUL	May the best woman, best woman win. You wear it well! French tip, lipstick, painted on.

BOB	(yelling)

DERRICK	Whoo! Fantastic five!

CHI CHI	(laughs)

NAOMI	Today is gonna be super important because the crown is so close you can taste it, and you do not want to be that bitch that got sent home so close.

RUPAUL	Hello, hello, hello.

ALL	Hi!

RUPAUL	Ladies, at this point in the competition, you're family. And sometimes, to bring sisters closer together, it's good to do some family role-playing. And we're gonna do it with puppets.

RUPAUL	Why?

ALL	'Cause everybody loves puppets.

RUPAUL	Everybody love puppets.

RUPAUL	Pick a puppet that represents one of your competitors, and drag it up. First up, Kim Chi.

BOB	All right, girl.

RUPAUL	Dig deep for a puppet. Who is it?

KIM CHI	Chi Chi.

DERRICK	No.

RUPAUL	All right, next up, Chi Chi DeVayne. Ooh!

CHI CHI	It's--

RUPAUL	Derrick Barry.

CHI CHI	I have Bob The Drag Queen.

BOB	They gave me hair. That was nice.

RUPAUL	Next up, Derrick Barry.

DERRICK	Ooh!

BOB	The hair!

DERRICK	I got Naomi.

RUPAUL	All right, Naomi.

NAOMI	Derrick Barry.

DERRICK	It's gonna be even worse than her snatch game.

RUPAUL	All right, Bob, you're up.

BOB	Kim Chi!

KIM CHI	Yay!

RUPAUL	All right, ladies. You have  minutes to drag up your puppets. Go.

BOB	All right!

NAOMI	I need the tiniest lashes possible for Derrick.

DERRICK	Wow. I wear s, [bleep].

RUPAUL	Time's up, ladies. Let the bitch fest begin.

BOB	Coming to the stage, Kim Chi. I used to be  pounds. And what did you get down to? . Oh, my God! Condragulations, girl. Well, the camera adds ten pounds. I ate, like, seven cameras. Do you have a bit of a speech impediment? Speech impediment? Oh, my God! Kim, this is ridiculous. Bye, Kim. Oh, [bleep].

KIM CHI	Hi, this is Kim Chi. And--oh, Chi Chi, you're still here. Ooh, um, the judges keep telling you to wear titties, and all I can see is your boy nipples. [bleep] I'm a cheap queen. Why is your hair bump never blended to your hairline?

CHI CHI	Bitch, my hair is blended in. Most of the time, girl.

KIM CHI	See, I told you, I'm a cheap queen.

DERRICK	So, Naomi, I'm wondering. Is this your roller girl look, neon look, or Madonna kimono look? They're all the same.

NAOMI	No, ma'am. I have never looked like that in my entire life.

DERRICK	There's one thing I do want to talk-- Ooh, you're doing a split, girl. That's the most talented thing I think I've seen you do on this competition.

BOB	Damn, Derrick, you are cutting deep, bitch. This is a puppet show. Kids are here.

DERRICK	The one thing I want to talk to you about is your snatch game. Your New York was really bad.

KIM CHI	Damn, shady.

DERRICK	Oh, Flavor Flav! No, you didn't! Okay, try to do that.[monotone] Oh, Flavor Flav. Oh, no, you didn't.

NAOMI	Derrick, does it hurt, me having my hand inside you? No, I'm used to sitting on two dicks at one time.


BOB	Derrick and Naomi, they're like Tom and Jerry. Like NeNe Leakes and Kim Zolciak.

NAOMI	Derrick, tell me about your drag. Well, I don't really have a drag style. There is no Derrick Barry. There is Britney Spears. But I hand-sewed this piece of fabric that's just buttoned up around my waist.


DERRICK	That sucked.

CHI CHI	Hey, everybody. I'm Bob The Drag Queen. Hey, Bob, how you doing? I'm doing well. I talk a lot. I work at every club in New York. I have a big mouth! I think I'm all that, even though my wigs look like Chi Chi's. Yeah! Jokes, jokes, jokes, jokes, jokes, jokes, jokes. So what are you gonna do when you run out of jokes? I know what I'll do. Walk into the club purse first. Bam! Walk into the club purse first. Bam! New York, baby!

RUPAUL	Wow. So you bitches just didn't hold anything back, did you? The winner is... Chi Chi DeVayne.

CHI CHI	Whoa! I never lose a challenge.

RUPAUL	All right, ladies. For this week's maxi challenge, we're having a book ball.

BOB	(laughs) Oh, word.

RUPAUL	Now, in honor of our guest judge, author and humorist David Sedaris, I'm challenging you to put together three different looks that tell the story of your life. First category is Baby Drag Realness. You know, when you were five years old, and you slipped on those first pair of heels? Second category is That's My Mama Realness. A drag look that pays tribute to your own sweet mama. Third category is Autobiographical Eleganza Extravaganza! A couture creation made entirely... out of books.

NAOMI	Ooh. Oh.

RUPAUL	#RuPaulBookBall. For your first two looks, you can use clothes, shoes, and accessories from the Out of the Closet Thrift Store. Gentleman, start your engines, and may the best woman win!

DERRICK	This week's challenge is the Book Ball. We have to come up with three looks. So we have baby drag, a mama look, and book drag, where we have to design a high fashion costume out of books.

KIM CHI	Watch out for the paper cuts, ladies.

RUPAUL	Hey, sexy librarians.

ALL	Hi! Hello!

RUPAUL	Hi, Derrick Barry.

DERRICK	Hi, Ru.

RUPAUL	You're cutting up my book.

DERRICK	I know. My Eleganza Extravaganza is taking elements of your book and mixing them with famous paintings. Because I feel like celebrity female impersonation is such an art form.

RUPAUL	Right. But you've come under a lot of fire in terms of aesthetic. And also last week, the judges called you out on your makeup, specifically to make it look more draggy. 'Cause you paint. You just paint what's there. Do you know how to paint an illusion on your face?

DERRICK	Yes. I will definitely be giving you a brow.

RUPAUL	Yes, darling.

DERRICK	Definitely, darling. If the judges want me to wipe my eyebrow out and draw on a new one, I'm gonna do that. I'm ready to take a risk, and I want to show the judges I came here to really challenge myself.

RUPAUL	Well, hello there, Bob.

BOB	Hey, RuPaul.

RUPAUL	Now, last week, the judges, Michelle, specifically, called you out to see if you could do glamazon drag.

BOB	I'm gonna go glamorous for my book look. So I'm taking this corset. I've already got three pieces glued down. Look at me go.

RUPAUL	Uh-huh. Uh-huh.

BOB	Do a corset that kind of branches out, goes past the bosoms.

RUPAUL	Yes.

BOB	Then I'm gonna do like a gradient color.

RUPAUL	Well, 'cause you know, Michelle calls your drag ratchet drag.

BOB	Yeah.

RUPAUL	Do you call your drag ratchet drag?

BOB	I've never called it ratchet, but that term doesn't offend me.

RUPAUL	Is that a conscious decision?

BOB	It's a conscious decision. 'Cause if you come to one of my shows, it's like me on stage by myself for an hour and a half. And if I'm gonna be in, like, a gown with huge earrings and a big old sculpted up-do, by the time my show's done, my eyebrows become my moustache, I'm sweating. See what I mean? So I'm gonna show up in a leotard.
RUPAUL	You're so confident. What scares you?

BOB	Um... My mom got sick recently. She has, like, a chronic and really rare form of pneumonia called BOOP, which sounds cute, but it's not that cute, actually. I got the scariest call, which is like, "You need to come here." I was, like, really freaked out.

RUPAUL	Yeah, yeah.

BOB	My mom had been very physically fit, and then she was just, like, skinny and frail, and, like, her hair was falling out. And she couldn't do anything. Like, anything.

RUPAUL	Wow.

BOB	I mean, it was really hard to see my mom like that.

BOB	All of the things in my life that, like, make me a good person are because my mom taught me to do it. I don't have a lot of people like my mom in my family. (crying) You [bleep] got me, bitch.

RUPAUL	Wow. That's pretty rough. What do you think your mom would think about you in this competition?

BOB	(laughs) My mom thinks I'm the best ever. My mom is the funniest person I know. My mom is my hero, and she showed me that you can do anything. More importantly, come through anything.

RUPAUL	All right. Well, I want to see gorgeous Bob The Drag Queen.

BOB	Note taken.

RUPAUL	All right. Thanks.

BOB	Here we go, girl.

RUPAUL	Hi, Kim Chi.

KIM CHI	Hi, Ru.

RUPAUL	You're a design queen.

KIM CHI	Yes, I am.

RUPAUL	So this is something you can sink your teeth into. Now, this challenge has a part that pays homage to your mother. What is that gonna look like?

KIM CHI	Oh, my gosh. So this one I'm really excited about. I brought a traditional Korean hanbok, because my mother taught me to be proud of who I am and my heritage.

RUPAUL	It's something your mother has worn before?

KIM CHI	Yes.

RUPAUL	Has she seen you in drag?

KIM CHI	She doesn't know that I do drag.

RUPAUL	What?

KIM CHI	I know. My mom thinks I'm a makeup artist.

RUPAUL	You know she's gonna see this show. Are you afraid?

KIM CHI	I am a bit afraid that she might see all of this as, like, a waste of time. I just want my mom to be able to be proud of, like, everything that I do. You know, the person that I am today.

RUPAUL	You think she doesn't know that already?

KIM CHI	I don't think so, no.

RUPAUL	Hmm. Have you never shown her that side of you?

KIM CHI	Not really, 'cause I just don't like being vulnerable with my mom.

RUPAUL	Right.

KIM CHI	'Cause then she might think that I'm a weak person, and I want to portray myself as anything but that.

RUPAUL	Is that why you got so emotional on the runway when you were being critiqued?

KIM CHI	I felt like I tried my best, but it just didn't work out. So I just got really frustrated.

RUPAUL	I just felt like there was a sense of shame when you broke down. Somehow they're all linked together. I'm not sure how. And that's what I'm trying to get at.

KIM CHI	I'm very hard on myself about being perfect. Especially growing up, because I wasn't the model child, and I was the "artistic" one. And last week's performance was a letdown, because I feel like my mom probably wouldn't be proud of what I did. I just want to do really well in this competition.

RUPAUL	You have done really well. It's top five. You are so talented. Everybody knows that about you. But do you know it?

KIM CHI	I know it, yeah.

RUPAUL	But do you own it?

KIM CHI	I will own it.

RUPAUL	Will own it? After this challenge, or later this--

KIM CHI	No, right now. I will own it.

RUPAUL	Okay. I need you to really hear yourself say that, because that's the key to this competition. If you see it, we can see it, you know? All right, get back to work.

KIM CHI	Thank you.

RUPAUL	Ladies! Gather round. Now, listen, I've got good news. Tomorrow on the main stage, in addition to David Sedaris, we will be joined by his twisted sister...

KIM CHI	(gasps)

RUPAUL	Actress and author Amy Sedaris will be here.

RUPAUL	So good luck, and don't [bleep] it up.

RUPAUL	(laughing)

NAOMI	For today's maxi challenge, we're getting ready for the Book Ball. This challenge is literally super-important, because it decides who makes the top four. It's a huge deal.

BOB	I'm nervous about this challenge. I'm trying to prove that I can be glam. But this is not my field of expertise. I don't work with unconventional materials at home. This is very stressful. It's a lot of [bleep].

KIM CHI	Yeah, there's just so much to do. This is, like, crazy.

BOB	For my book drag, I decided to use cardboard. Because I want, like, a really structured dress. I'm taking some very bold moves. I'm not sewing anything.

IM CHI	Thank God.

BOB	All hot glue and spray paint.

CHI CHI	I mean, well, bitch, somebody got to go home.

BOB	(chuckling) Oh, yeah.

CHI CHI	Bob's using more cardboard than she is books. That's not the challenge. You're in for a rude awakening, girl.

BOB	Do you think you hands-down deserve to win?

CHI CHI	Most definitely. I think you need a talent to not only win but to make money in the future. Like, I'm a dancer. Everybody knows that I dance. Everybody knows Bob does--

BOB	Everything.

CHI CHI	Everybody knows.

BOB	Whoo!

CHI CHI	I think you need some kind of talent. I mean, Naomi, I look at you as a model.

DERRICK	Oh!

CHI CHI	And to me, that's the only talent that I've-- you know what I mean, that I've seen. That's what I get from you.

DERRICK	Right, I agree. I think you're gonna take great photos, but that does not take talent.

NAOMI	Being a drag queen is such a talent. You are a performer. You have to be a makeup artist, you have to be a hairstylist, you have to be--

DERRICK	So if you're a hairstylist, why haven't you glued down your lace fronts?


BOB	Oh, [bleep]. The library has opened again. Insert shady rattlesnake noise here. Roo koo-koo-koo-koo-koo-koo- koo-koo-koo-koo.

NAOMI	Bitch, glue down your brows, and then I'll glue down my lace.

DERRICK	I cannot wait to see a shot of you and have screen caps go around, and it's just lifted lace.

NAOMI	And you know what yours is gonna be? It's gonna be so much light reflected off that forehead, because there's no brow on there.

BOB	(laughs) I love that you two can't let it go.

DERRICK	And I didn't get the challenge to do my brows until my last challenge.

NAOMI	But the judges told you to do that. The judges haven't told me to glue down my wigs yet. They're telling you to change up your makeup and carve out your face.

DERRICK	Not one time did they tell me that my makeup is not good.

NAOMI	And I'm telling you, like, as a friend, change up your makeup. It's not me digging at you.

BOB	There are some digs in there. (laughs)

DERRICK	But, Naomi, why would I change my makeup when I impersonate Britney Spears for a living?

NAOMI	And that's why it bugs me. Because we're coming into this competition, and we're representing ourselves. We're not representing a celebrity. I feel like I'm telling Derrick what the judges have been tiptoeing around this entire time. And literally someone just needs to be blunt about it, because Derrick is not understanding it. And even though Derrick never really asked me, but someone needs to tell him the truth. Who is Derrick Barry? Chad came here with his own aesthetic. He wasn't doing Cher the entire time.

DERRICK	Chad had been doing drag for years, and...

NAOMI	And so have you.

DERRICK	And not impersonating Cher.

NAOMI	Okay. Like, when you're coming to represent you as a drag queen, not Britney Spears, why wouldn't you come as Derrick Barry?

DERRICK	Being compared to Britney Spears in the slightest is the biggest compliment in the world. And if I have to change my face to be myself, then I'm not really being myself. I just think that you've been upset with me doing well in times where you didn't, so you take digs at me to make yourself feel better.

NAOMI	Am I the first person who's ever said anything like this, ever, to you?

DERRICK	That has said my makeup is not good?

NAOMI	I didn't say your makeup's not good. It's just not drag.

BOB	These are the most octaves I've ever heard Naomi speak in, that's for sure. You get her excited, girl, she becomes Mariah Carey, honey.

CHI CHI	(laughs)

DERRICK	I just have never said that you don't belong here, so for you to say that I don't belong here--

NAOMI	I never said you don't belong here, it's just that we literally--

DERRICK	You did. You said it bugs you that I'm here.

NAOMI	No, the thing that bugs me is that you are here finding who you are, this entire journey. And we all came here with our own [bleep] aesthetic.

BOB	Whoo!

DERRICK	I'm here in this room with you right now in the top five.

NAOMI	Okay. I'm so annoyed. (laughs)

KIM CHI	When's dinner?

RUPAUL	(laughing)

DERRICK	Wow. Oh.


CHI CHI	We are getting ready for the Book Ball. And we are all feeling the pressure. This is the challenge that is going to determine who's gonna be in the top four. The heat is on.

BOB	(slurps)

NAOMI	Derrick?

DERRICK	Hi.

NAOMI	My mirror's right here. I don't feel good about what happened with Derrick yesterday. I feel like my mom would've, like, really, like, slapped my hand about that. And I'm gonna do everything I can to bury the hatchet. So if he needs a zip-up, if he needs advice, if he needs anything, I will definitely be the one to give it to him.

DERRICK	I'm going to powder and then glue again. Is that what you do?

NAOMI	Well, I don't cover my--

DERRICK	Oh, you don't glue down, that's right.

NAOMI	But when it comes down to time to shape, let me know.

DERRICK	Yeah. The judges have asked me, so for the first time in this competition, I am blocking out my brows. Ooh. I am going for three different brow looks. I just want to show that I'm comfortable being a different character out there. I want my brow like here, and then out. Does that sound right?

NAOMI	You start light towards the front, and go heavier towards, like, the end.

DERRICK	Okay. The only problem is I'm wearing Ariel-red hair.

NAOMI	Well, don't do a red brow.

DERRICK	No?

NAOMI	No. That looks too clownish. Keep it, like, a strawberry blond.

DERRICK	Okay.

NAOMI	'Cause that's versatile for all your looks. I'm proud that he's trying to give the judges something new, but he only wants to ask me about his eyebrows, and changing up your face is so much more than just eyebrows. But I'm giving Derrick space, because I don't want him to think that I'm coming for him about his makeup. Let me see? Look at me, straight on. Relax.

DERRICK	Like, that is.

DERRICK	That's relaxed.

CHI CHI	Oh, my goodness, girl. Ooh. That's all I can say is, "Ooh, my goodness." (laughs) Oh.

BOB	You look so different. I mean, a completely different person.

DERRICK	Really?

BOB	Everyone clowns me for my makeup skills, but it's not as bad as Derrick. It is bad. I'm seeing tremendous effort and fearlessness, and on the other hand, I'm seeing someone's dad doing drag for the first time. Welcome to the stage.

DERRICK	Oh, my God.

RUPAUL	Welcome to the main stage of "RuPaul's Drag Race." It's the author of "Diva Rules," Michelle Visage.

MICHELLE	AKA, the gay bible.

RUPAUL	And the author of "Man Up," Ross Mathews.

ROSS MATHEWS	It's the new "Moby Dick."

RUPAUL	Emphasis on the dick.

RUPAUL	The author of "Let's Explore Diabetes with Owls," David Sedaris is here.

DAVID SEDARIS	There are , words in this.

RUPAUL	If I could only read.

RUPAUL	And the author of "Simple Times: Crafts for Poor People," Amy Sedaris.

AMY SEDARIS	It's mostly pictures. Illiteracy is hilarious.

RUPAUL	And I didn't even get to plug my book... "Workin' It."

MICHELLE	Work those nails, girl.

RUPAUL	This week, we challenged our queens to tell their stories in three different looks. Gentlemen, start your engines. And may the best woman win. Let's get this Book Ball rolling. Category is Baby Drag Realness. First up, Kim Chi.

AMY	Big shoes to fill.

KIM CHI	On a blazing August day, Kim sprouted from her mother's soil full of hairy bushes. And as she was watered with beauty, this little flower began to grow.

RUPAUL	You've got to sissy that walk, baby Kim Chi.

MICHELLE	The funny thing is that's how she walks in her real heels.

RUPAUL	Next up, Naomi Smalls.

DAVID	Lady Di-aper.

NAOMI	As a very young boy, I found a "Vogue" magazine my mom had on her night table, and it was high fashion daydreams from there. In my head, I was prancing on a runway in front of Anna Wintour. A supermodel was born.

AMY	It Depends.

RUPAUL	But she sure has Poise.

RUPAUL	Up next, we've got Bob The Baby Drag Queen. Why, that's the biggest pearl necklace I've ever seen.

BOB	When I was just a little boy, I asked my mother, "What will I be? Am I going to be pretty? Am I going to be rich?" And here's what she said to me. "You'll be a drag queen, bitch."

RUPAUL	She's working that Pebbles Flintstones couture. Next, we've got Derrick Barry.

MICHELLE	She changed her eyebrows.

DERRICK	When I was a little boy, I would pretend I was the Little Mermaid every time I took a bath. The towels were both my gown and my hair all in one. I was a princess in training to become a queen.

ANDY	Seaman lover.

MICHELLE	(laughs) Yeah.

RUPAUL	Next, Baby Chi Chi.

CHI CHI	My grandmother would tell my mom, "Girl, you got something on your head," especially when she used to catch me in her fabulous wigs. Not much has changed now. My mom still has something big on her hands. A big ol' drag queen.

AMY	Not the mama! Got to love me.

RUPAUL	Category is That's My Mama Realness. Kim Chi.

KIM CHI	Kim Chi's mother determined what she thought was best. And that prevented Kim from blossoming. However, her mother had to release her seed in the wind for Kim to be the botanical sensation she always wanted to become.

RUPAUL	A botanical sensation?

AMY	Weed whacker.

RUPAUL	It's a weed whacker, exactly. Naomi Smalls.

NAOMI	My mom, June, wanted nothing more than to have a large, happy family, no matter the ethnicity or gender. All  of her kids have their own glam shot with mother dearest. I guess that's where I get my talent for posing and love for classic beauty. Thanks, Mom.

RUPAUL	Christina Darling. Bob The Drag Queen.

BOB	Martha Caldwell. She can make a power suit from New York & Company look like Saks Fifth Avenue. She also sacrificed. When we would go get a Happy Meal, she would give me her adult-size fries and drink. And that's what moms do.

RUPAUL	Viola Davis. Why is your penis on a dead girl's phone?

MICHELLE	Yes!

RUPAUL	Derrick Barry.

DERRICK	My favorite thing my mom wore was a light blue dress in our family photo. I'm reimagining her in it as a nightgown, and on the night I was conceived. No wonder my dad hit that baby one more time.

RUPAUL	Oh, this is the story of their lives.

MICHELLE	And they have to go back to move forward.

RUPAUL	Chi Chi DeVayne. Ooh, girl.

CHI CHI	Pop on those lashes and slip on them high heels. That's the motto in which Albertine lives. My mama is the original glamazon. Miss Tina. That's what they call her. And raising three kids on her own, she's the definition of a true baller.

RUPAUL	Ooh, miss got the body.

AMY	Yeah. Don't make me take my rings off.

RUPAUL	Category is Autobiographical Eleganza Extravaganza. First up, Kim Chi.

KIM CHI	Kim Chi has finally blossomed into the floral centerpiece, and now she's not afraid to showcase who she really is. Avant-garde and unpredictable. Come experience her ever-blossoming beauty.

ROSS	She's making it easy to read her, honey.

DAVID	She needs to edit the outfit.

RUPAUL	Naomi Smalls.

NAOMI	As Naomi Smalls, I was blessed with two legs and a heart, and I'm not afraid to show them to the world. What you see now is the embodiment of everything I've ever wanted to be.

RUPAUL	Cher.

DAVID	Isn't she filing for chapter ?

RUPAUL	Bob The Drag Queen. Not to be confused with Bob The Librarian.

BOB	It's not about being the prettiest or wearing the best dress. It's about taking huge risks, learning from your mistakes, and taking advice from people who've done it already. Look. I may make waves. I may rock the boat. But damn it, we're gonna make it to shore.

AMY	Hope you like short stories.

DAVID	She has a spastic semicolon.

RUPAUL	Is that what that is?

RUPAUL	Derrick Barry.

DERRICK	In , Halloween brought out the drag in me. For the first time, I dressed as Britney Spears. It introduced me to the bright lights of Las Vegas, which unleashed my inner showgirl on stages all around the world. Coming to a theater near you.

MICHELLE	That's glossy right there.

RUPAUL	She tore a page from my book. And she's wearing it. Several pages. Chi Chi DeVayne.

CHI CHI	I'm Chi Chi DeVayne, and I've always been a queen who uses what she has, whether it be paper or plastic trash bags.

RUPAUL	(laughs)

CHI CHI	So look out, girls, here comes a little country queen with dreams of ruling the world.

AMY	Paper shredder.

ROSS	Shredding that runway.

RUPAUL	Have you shred any good books lately?


RUPAUL	(laughing) Welcome, ladies. It's time for the judges' critiques. First up, Kim Chi.

AMY	I love your eye makeup. I'd love to see what your sink looks like afterwards. I felt something from each look.

MICHELLE	I think you were the only one that actually had a continuing storyline. It was the artistry I expect from you.

KIM CHI	Thank you so much.

RUPAUL	Up next, Naomi Smalls.

ROSS	Every look tonight, you were the star of the show.

MICHELLE	And what a beautiful, glamorous mother. I like the story of having all these children of different ethnicities, and still loving each other and not judging.

NAOMI	I think that she's such a beautiful woman to me. I--I love her so much. Um, I just hope she's proud of me, 'cause I love her.

RUPAUL	Do you have a message you want to say to your mother?

NAOMI	Thank you for everything you've ever done. And I hope I can repay you for the rest of my life. (sobs)

RUPAUL	Thank you so much.

NAOMI	Thank you.

RUPAUL	Up next, Bob The Drag Queen.

DAVID	I thought in the baby challenge, I thought you did a great job reading your script. It sounded really enthusiastic and flowed really well.

MICHELLE	Tonight I challenged you to be glamorous.

BOB	Mm-hmm.

MICHELLE	I think that you're most of the way there. But I am not getting book at all. I'm getting cardboard.

BOB	Well, there is some cardboard in here, but I don't have any pages from my book.

MICHELLE	Why not?

BOB	Well, I'm still wearing books, I'm just not wearing pages. It's a book.

MICHELLE	Okay.

AMY	Don't listen to them. Yeah, maybe it's not made out of the pages, but I like the color, and I like that it is different, and it's kind of shingle-like. And I love what you did with your hair.

BOB	I was going to wear a wig, but I was like, eh.

RUPAUL	Right. Yeah. Thank you, Bob.

BOB	Thank you.

RUPAUL	All right, up next. Derrick Barry.

MICHELLE	I have seen what you've done with your eyebrows. I acknowledge that you're trying something different. But it's going to be a journey for you. This, tonight, for me, I just thought it was way too basic.

AMY	But I like that it looks like you have a real vagina.

RUPAUL	She does.

AMY	Yeah.

RUPAUL	Yeah.

DERRICK	My mom would be so proud.

AMY	Oh, yeah?

ROSS	Derrick, I see you trying harder than anyone else, and that I applaud. But we want you to do you at this level. And I don't know that you're at this level.

RUPAUL	All right, Chi Chi DeVayne.

ROSS	Each one of these looks told a story that made me get to know you a little bit better, especially with your mom. Your mom is giving me "Real Housewife" of I hope my neighborhood.

CHI CHI	Real Housewives of Shreveport.

ROSS	Yeah.

DAVID	Everything that you read, your voice just really super sized it. And I think you have my favorite line of the evening, was that, "I'm just a country girl with dreams."

DAVID	I think you did a great job with that.

CHI CHI	Ooh, thank you.

AMY	I completely disagree. No, um--

RUPAUL	Thank you, Chi Chi, and thank you, ladies. Now, while you go and curl up with a good book backstage, the judges and I will deliberate. All right, now, just between us best-selling authors, what do you think? Kim Chi.

ROSS	Kim Chi is a walking art exhibit. And tonight there was so much emotion with the stories of her mom.

RUPAUL	Who doesn't, by the way, know that she does drag.

DAVID	There was absolutely no joy when she was her mother. She conveys a lot to me by not saying anything.

RUPAUL	Yeah, there's a lot to read between the lines there. Naomi Smalls.

MICHELLE	Miss Underdog .

RUPAUL	Yes.

MICHELLE	She's just come full circle, and at  years old, listening to direction. And pushing herself.

ROSS	Naomi is checking every box for me. She is checking fashion. She is checking glamour. She is checking heartstrings. Now I find myself rooting for her. But is it too late?

AMY	I don't think it's too late. At least she got there.

MICHELLE	Better late than never.

ROSS	It's like a period.

MICHELLE	What's that?

AMY	Something I had a long time ago.

RUPAUL	Bob The Drag Queen.

MICHELLE	What I don't like is the fact that she wore a cardboard dress, and books are not made of corrugated cardboard.

AMY	Don't judge a book by its cover.

AMY	You know, I didn't mind the dress or the cardboard. And he made me laugh, just looking at him.

DAVID	You can just tell that he's funny. The humor kind of just rolls off of him.

RUPAUL	Derrick Barry.

MICHELLE	I will commend Derrick on going all the way. However, it was just bad, bad night in general for Derrick. She had, like, two lines for blush, instead of being contoured and buffed out. When she reimagined her mother on a sexy night in a nightgown, that convoluted story I can't even put my head around. This is all a [bleep] reach, okay? The thing, you're on stage, she glued your book to a corset and put panties on, and she was done. This was a miss tonight. I'm sorry.

ROSS	Yes, Derrick's wasn't up to par with the other girls, but is anyone trying harder than Derrick? And that's got to count for something.

RUPAUL	She's so willing to receive the critique.

MICHELLE	But this is not the place to find out who you are. She's at her limit.

RUPAUL	Chi Chi DeVayne.

ROSS	Where Derrick is getting our critiques and getting lost in it, Chi Chi is getting our critiques and figuring it out. And it's working. This is when the horses are rounding that-- I've never seen a horse race, but when they go in there right before they finish, and, like, one of them sort of, like, they start to separate?

RUPAUL	Yes, yes.

ROSS	This is that moment.

AMY	Seabiscuit.

RUPAUL	Yes. She's--

ROSS	And I'm hung up on that horse.

DAVID	I thought her writing was really good, and I could listen to hear talk forever. She's just got such star power.

RUPAUL	All right. Silence! I've made my decision. Bring back my... (inhales deeply) Girls.

RUPAUL	(laughing) Welcome back, ladies. I've made some decisions. Chi Chi DeVayne, this week you shredded the runway. You're safe. Kim Chi. Your botanical garden trilogy is destined to be a best seller. Condragulations, you are the winner of this week's challenge.

KIM CHI	Thank you. Thank you, thank you, thank you.

RUPAUL	You've won a $, gift card from Fabric Planet.

KIM CHI	Kamsahamnida. I'm floating in air right now. I could just jump up and down, 'cause I'm so happy.

RUPAUL	Naomi Smalls. You're safe. You may join the other girls.

NAOMI	Thank you, everyone.

RUPAUL	Bob The Drag Queen. Derrick Barry. I'm sorry, my dears, but you're both up for elimination.

BOB	I'm not mad. I'm like, "You're right." I get it. But I'm a little disappointed in myself. It's not a fun feeling.

DERRICK	Mm. I feel like I let Ru down. I do feel like I'm in good company, because Bob's next to me, and there's no one else on the bottom I'd rather see than Bob right now. I'm gonna take Bob down.

RUPAUL	Two queens stand before me. Ladies, this is your last chance to impress me and save yourself from elimination. The time has come for you to lip-synch for your life! Good luck, and don't [bleep] it up.

RUPAUL	Ladies. I've made my decision. Bob The Drag Queen, shantay, you stay.

BOB	Thank you. I just want to say, I probably had the biggest butt of this season with Derrick Barry, and I ended up being her biggest cheerleader. Even if you're afraid of something, she does it harder than anyone. I love her. And I guess that was the lesson we learned today.

RUPAUL	You may join the other girls.

BOB	(whispers) You're so brave.

RUPAUL	Derrick Barry, you came here as a Vegas headliner, but you leave an international star. Stronger than yesterday. Now, sashay away.

BOB	Derrick!

CHI CHI	Work it, girl.

BOB	Go, Derrick!
DERRICK	That's how you go out in style, girls.

DERRICK	As the international showgirl of the world!

CHI CHI	Yes, ma'am!

DERRICK	I got to shine as myself. And that's the one thing I've always felt that I was lacking. I didn't really have a character or a knowledge of who I am. But I showed up in this competition, and I did everything I could. And that's all that matters. You have to show up in life. I cannot wait to see where this takes me now. So thank you, Ru.

RUPAUL	My fantastic four, condragulations. Remember, if you can't love yourself, how in the hell you gonna love somebody else? Can I get an amen in here?
ALL	Amen!

RUPAUL	All right, now let the music play.
