Storyteller	sidney sings
Storyteller	sidney is a very helpful engine. 
Sidney	here you go. job done.
the earl	not again sidney. these trucks were meant to be taken to the quarry.
storyteller	but he's also a very forgetful engine. 

storyteller	once sidney had been left hanging on the gantry at the diselworks. 
percy	sidney? how long have you been up there?
sidney	uh... i forget.
norman	it's been about two years.
storyteller	percy helped sidney to get his new wheels, and ever since the two of them have been good friends.
workmen	<walla>
storyteller	one day percy had an accident and came off the rails at the foot of gordon's hill. 
sidney	oh no! what's happened?!
thomas	percy's had a little accident. there was a loose rail and…
percy	i've damaged my wheels. a bit like when you damaged your wheels. remember?
sidney	(struggling hard) UHHH... NOT REALLY.
thomas	we need to get percy to the steamworks, sidney.
sidney	<gasps> i could take him! i'm not doing anything.
thomas	<laughs> yes you are, sidney! you're taking those trucks to the blue mountain quarry!
sidney	am i? <gasps> yes! so i am! <laughs> bye now. 
percy	isn't he going the wrong way? 
thomas	<chuckles> he must be the most forgetful engine ever.
storyteller	a few days later sidney found himself at knapford station.
the fat controller	ah, sidney! are you busy at the moment?
sidney	busy? er…i don't think so.
the fat controller	well in that case i have a job for you. percy's new wheels have arrived at brendam docks.
sidney	ohh. um…why does percy need new wheels?
the fat controller	because of his accident.
sidney	<gasp> percy's had an accident?!! oh no!
the fat controller	this is a very special job, sidney. i want you to collect the wheels and take them to the steamworks.
sidney	<gasps> a special? <gasp> ooh how exciting! and i'll be helping my friend, percy! oh leave it to me, sir.
sidney	oh dear. 
thomas	what's the matter, sidney?
sidney	you know how forgetful i am, thomas. i'm always setting off on a job and ending up in the wrong place. and now i have to collect percy's wheels, and i don't want to let my good friend down.
thomas	sometimes when i want to remember something important i make up a little song to remind me.
annie	we like songs, don't we, clarabel?
clarabel	we love songs! <laughs>
thomas	something to help you remember, sidney, like this...
thomas		a ha ha, hee hee hee. a very special job for me...
annie & clarabel	(sing) all the way to brendam docks...
annie & clarabel	(sing)	to fetch a very special box!
annie/clarabel	<giggle>
sidney	<chuckles> that's great! thank you, thomas! as long as i keep singing my song i can't go wrong! <laughs>
sidney	(sings) ha ha ha, hee hee hee. a very special job for me. all the way to brendam docks, to fetch a very special box!
storyteller	now that he had his song to help him sidney was confident he wouldn't forget.
sidney	(sings) ha ha ha. hee hee hee.  a very special job for me. all the way to…
sidney	(excited) gordon! gordon! the fat controller has asked me to do a special!
gordon	ha! i've had more specials than you've had hot boilers!
sidney	silly old gordon. i'm a diesel. i don't have a boiler! <chuckles>
sidney	(sings) ha ha ha. hee hee hee, a very special job for me. all the way to uh... something important. but i've forgotten what!
storyteller	talking to gordon had made sidney forget his song.
sidney	was it something to do with boilers? oh maybe i was on my way to whiff's waste dump to pick up an old boiler. yes! that must be it! <chuckles>
sidney	(sings) ha ha ha. hee hee hee. a very special job for me. all the way to whiff's waste dump. to fetch a... boiler... or was it... a pump?

whiff	hello, sidney. what are you doing here?
sidney	uh. i'm not sure. but i think i might be collecting a boiler.
whiff	a boiler? but we don't have any boilers here at the moment.
sidney	oh no! i've forgotten what i'm supposed to be doing.
whiff 	it's a shame you're not an elephant, sidney. 
sidney	an elephant? oh? why's that, whiff?
whiff	they say that elephants never forget. <chuckles>
sidney	oh perhaps my special job was something to do with elephants. <gasp> yes that's it! i was supposed to pick up an elephant! 
sidney	(sings) ha ha ha. hee hee hee. a very special job for me. i must get there before its dark to collect an elephant from the animal park!
sidney 	oh dear. there's no elephant here. i must have got it wrong. again. oh i'll never remember what my special job is. 

sidney	i'll have to go back and tell the fat controller that i've let him down.
storyteller	but at knapford station some of the passengers had a different problem. 
passenger .	oh dear. where has that train got to?
sidney	what's the matter?
passenger .	our train hasn't arrived to take us to brendam docks.
passenger .	we have to get there quickly to catch our cruise ship.
sidney	<gasps> maybe this is my special job! 
sidney	(sings) ha ha ha. hee hee hee. a very special job for me. these people are going on a trip, and i'm taking them to catch their ship!
the fat controller	i don't believe it! i sent sidney to pick up these wheels hours ago! where on earth has that silly little diesel got to?
passenger	wonderful little diesel you have here.
passenger	a very useful engine indeed.
the fat controller	<confused walla>
sidney	(brightly) job done, sir!
the fat controller	but...what about percy's wheels?
sidney	uh... w-w-what do you mean, sir?
the fat controller	ohh. i wanted you to take percy's new wheels to the steamworks!
sidney	<gasps> ohhhh. you mean... you want me to do another special!
sidney	oh i'd be delighted!
sidney	(sings) ha ha ha. hee hee hee.  another special job for me. on me you know you can depend, i’m going to the steamworks to see my friend!
storyteller	poor percy was still waiting for his new wheels. he'd been waiting all day.
percy	sidney? where have you been?
sidney	huh? ooh well i’ve picked up an elephant from the waste dump to bring gordon the earl’s new boiler and…
percy	elephant?! boiler?! but what about-? <gasps> my wheels!
sidney	huh? oh yeah! i brought your new wheels! you didn't think i'd forget, did you? laughs>
percy	<laughs>
sidney	what are we laughing about? 


