NIGEL 	Hello and welcome Thomas fans to another wonderful day on Sodor!
NIGEL	And welcome to you too Stan...
STAN	Hello Nigel...
NIGEL	It’s a glorious  morning! Isn't it? What could go wrong?
STAN	Indeed Nigel, it's that million dollar question.
NIGEL	Ha ha! Can I phone a friend?
STAN	No!
NIGEL 	Oh...
NIGEL	Well today we are going to be looking at how the railway is run. We’ll be spending some time with the man in charge! The controller of the railway himself, Sir Topham Hatt!
STAN	That’s right Nigel a formidable figure in the world of steam in more ways than one.
NIGEL	Let’s take a look at some highlights shall we?
STAN	Yes. Well, here we can see our number one tank engine, Thomas, and he's carrying a rather over filled barrel, full of what looks like an oily liquid.
NIGEL	Intriguing! Do carry on?
STAN	Yes, it’s probably...
NIGEL	Oh and there's the proof! He's spilt some on the road!!! Surely this will lead to some kind of disaster.
STAN	I think your right there Nigel, and who's this heading our way in the blue Car? It’s the man himself, Sir Topham Hatt!
NIGEL	And there they go!!!!! It's a full text book  there! Slippery road causes confusion and delay! Classic Thomas. 
NIGEL	And Sir Topham Hatt didn’t see that coming..and I'd like to point out for our viewers that the clown is in fact none other than Mr Bubbles …..of bubbles fame.
STAN	Text book clown!
NIGEL	Now this looks serious Stan! Tell me a little about what we're witnessing here?
STAN	Yes well, that's right NIGEL! There's nothing funny about a big balloon on a flatbed.
NIGEL	I'm not laughing Stan...
STAN	No. It's a very tricky manoeuvre to move one balloon …..on a flatbed... to a destination! I can't stress enough how important it is to have two full grown tank engines in charge Nigel.
NIGEL	And that’s right. They’re two of the best Stan!
STAN	Indeed….. 
NIGEL	But w-w-wait! It seems the balloon has escaped and its flying around of its own accord!
STAN	I’ve said it before and I’ll say it again, tricky things balloons. 
NIGEL	Oh my and now its knocked the hats ……off the Topham Hatt.
STAN	Thomas must feel deflated!
NIGEL	I'm still not laughing.
NIGEL	And here comes Hiro!  Master of the Railway!....... heading straight towards the Controller of the railway! (laugh) 
NIGEL	And milk churns are flying! I count one...three Stan!
STAN	That's right Nigel three milk churns full of what must be heavy sticky double cream! That's not going to be easy to wash out.
NIGEL	Well, nothing less than a  degree wash cycle is going to erase this day of troubles from Sir Topham Hatt's memoirs!
NIGEL	It’s just another day in the life of Sir Topham Hatt! Full of Confusion and delay.
NIGEL	So until next time Thomas fans it’s goodbye from me and it’s goodbye from S Beat of silence
NIGEL	He’s gone... Stan’s gone. 
NIGEL	Stan?
STAN	No I haven’t!
