Pauline		There they are!

Tash			Get in! Quick!

Ramon			Go! Go! Go!

Letty			That girl!

Ramon			Head for the docks, head for the docks!

Letty			We're gonna die!

Tash 			Look! There she is...I never thought I'd be running to  a prison.

Pauline		Tash, slow down.

Tash			I got it, I got it!

Pauline		Tash! Tash! He won't wake up! Tash!

Ramon			Just Go Go! Get out!

Letty			[Coughing]

Pauline		Ramon...behind you! Ramon!

Ramon			[Screaming]

Arnold		Greetings, earthlings, Dr. Monty  Arnold here with the third installment of 'A Dead Guy Bit Me: Now What?' Coming to you from beautiful UCSF. We are currently going head to head with a little bugger of a water born virus that seems to have made it's debut at the  Berkleyy water treatment facility just a few months ago  Where my research team could  have nipped this in the bud...are you kidding me?  But you had to have your budget cuts didn't you. I'm being rude, Let me introduce Courtney. She is sporting the latest in protease inhibitor infection suppressor TSL12. This vaccine prototype is my special blend of both HIV and cancer supression medications. So far, Courtney is looking smashing, much better then her former classmates. Don't tell courtney the reunion is off. You see the rate of infection transference seems to be around 30 seconds, Courtney is not yet a hint of violence. It's fantastic. She's like a  fury little Dali Lama. Keep your fingers crossed that my fingers don't end up in courtney's  crazy zombie monkey mouth.

Ashley			You want to see it again?

Lynn			No. Got what I needed. 

Halpern		Hey Lynn!

Lynn		Arnold mentioned a protease inhibitor. which means we should be seeing an endoplasmic reticulum with a lipid bilayer

Halpern		That's not what we've got. Here take a look.

Julie			He's obsessed with this foot.

Halpern		You see black matter encasing the muscle tissue. That's what actually keeping the tissue alive after the host is dead. They're controlling the muscles independently of the hosts's central nervous system.

Lynn			Who's they?

Halpern		Colonial microorganisms. Millions of them. Zoom in. The infection rate is as fast as we've seen, only 30 seconds.

Lynn			They multiply like that. How do they know what to do?

Halpern		Well, I need a living tissue sample to determine that. Right now all I've got are corpses  and rotting microcorpses. And now not even that. This foot is the only thing I've got since last night's break-in.

Lynn			What break-in?

Julie		Last night. Somebody got the keys and burned the rest of the infected cadavers.

Lynn			I bet I know

Marshall		We've got about two weeks of fuel left.

Caspian		Lights out at ten o'clock.

Lynn			Hey! You!

Caspian		Here we go.

Lynn			Yeah, here we go again. You have yourself a little bonfire last night?

Caspian		You put everyone at risk keeping infected here

Lynn			You are a real piece of garbage

Marshall		We needed to put those bodies to rest. Those used to be people.

Lynn		Yes! People who got sick. And we can prevent more people from getting sick if we can study them. Follow that, G.I. Joe?

Marshall		We did what we thought was right.

Lynn			Be all that you can be, right?

Marshall		Actually I use to be in the Airforce,. Unbelievable. Kyle, raft?

Caspian		Bark at me not at him.

Kyle		It's on the beach drying. I had to do an initial pass, but it's gonna need reinforcement.

Lynn			I'm taking it.

Caspian		No I can't let you do that. I can't let you take the only means of transportation off this island on some wild goose chase.

Lynn		Number 1, It's my ship, Number 2, it's my raft. I'm getting that vaccine research. we need it more than ever Thanks to the two of you.

Marshall		Miss. As soon as we get to Petaluma we will send the Coast Guard  out to look for Andrew, okay?

Lynn			I'm not asking for permission.

Caspian		Hey! I can't let you do that.

Lynn			Put your hands on me again. Please.

Girl			[Screaming]

Marshall		He's been bit! Shoot him!

Caspian		Lockdown! Kenny, you copy? Kenny?

Ashley			Lockdown! I repeat Lockdown! Everyone to their cells.

Kenny			Get in your cells! Let's go!

Sanchez	 	Oh damn! Oh damn!

Ashley			Lockdown! I repeat Lockdown! Everyone to their cells.

Ashley			[screaming]  Lynn! Lynn!

Sanchez		Everyone get in their cells.

Ashley			[screaming]  No! No! Lynn! Lynn!

Lynn			Let's go! get your stuff!

Jason			Sanchez! Lock the doors!

Sanchez		Cell blocks Closing!!

Halpern		Julie! Stay here!

Julie			Dad, don't!

Jason			[breathing heavy] ...9...8...7...

Sanchez		Ten. Shoot me!

Halpern		Julie? No. No. No. Let me see! Let me see. I'm Sorry. I'm so Sorry. Love you Kiddo.

Julie			I love you too daddy.

Julie			[Grasping, growning]

Lynn			We  gotta get off this Island.

Lynn			I'm thinking they're floating on the current.

Caspian		Bottom line is they're here and we're sitting ducks. uh, sittin' ducks. I say we, uh, take the raft and head out to Petaluma.

Kyle 			There's not enough room in the raft.

Lynn			There's no way we're leaving people here.

Caspian		You volunteering your seat?

Bob			Wait a minute, who's getting left behind?

Caspian		We'll have the Coast Guard here in a couple days to pick you up.

Victoria		And who decides who stays?

Halpeern		I'll Stay.

Caspian		Shut up. SHUT UP! 

Kyle			Leave the old people behind. Yeah, we could just do that.

Lynn			Hey Hey!

Halpern		Didn't you hear me? I said I'd stay. Really. It makes the most sense. I'll lock myself in and see what I can learn.

Lynn			No way. We're all getting on the raft, and that's it.

Halpern		Lynn. I can't leave her here. Not Julie. Okay. This may be this way I can luck up on a cure, right?

Marshall		Is that possible?

Halpern		I have certainly have a chance now with live samples. This is what I do. Let me help the way I can. Alright. Really. This is what I want.

Lynn			Ok.

Marshall		Ok. Let's get what we need.

Lynn		Dr. Halpern...Dan. I'm not very good at this, but I just wanted to say...in case I didn't get to say it that... you're more than a mentor, you're my friend...you're my best  friend...I'm sorry about Julie...

Halper			It's okay.

Lynn			Okay, well, we'll stay in touch through walkie-talki, and, also...this...

Halpern		Yes, we will.

Lynn		Uh...it's from the arsenal, Caspian's not the only one with sticky fingers.

Halpern		Well I hope it doesn't come to this. But just in case. Thank you.

Lynn			Okay...

Marshall		They're quiet out there. I only saw one. Kyle, you and Jud get the raft. Bob and I will cover you as you apply the patch. Caspian, you take the rest to the water, we float the raft, then we go.

Caspian		Put the raft in the water, get your ass in the raft. 

Marshall		Kyle and I moved a couple fuel barrels up here. Should be good for a few weeks. More if you ration it.

Halpern		Thanks!

Lynn 		We'll send the Coast Guard as soon as we get to Petaluma. The walkie is on channel 18. Listen to it every six hours, okay?

Halpern		I got it, I got it. you be safe, alright. Okay.

Lynn			You too.

Kyle			Let's go, come on!

Lynn			Stay behind me! Stay behind me, I'll cover you.

Marshall		Come on! Hurry Up!

Caspian		Come on guys, let's go! Move it!

Marshall		Come on!

Lynn			Hurry up and attack!

Kyle			Okay, we're good...we're good!

Ashley			I felt something underneath the raft.

June			maybe it was a dolphin. Or Shark.

Caspian		Hey shut that light off. Don't attract no attention. Pull those oars in.

June			There's a shark?

Ashley			I felt something.

Kyle			You sure?

June / All		[screaming]

Marshall		She's gone, she's gone...she's gone...she's gone...

Caspian		She's gone, there's nothing you can do boy, she's gone Let's go, row like hell!

Marshall		Come on! Let's get outta here!

Jud			jun! ...jun!

Lynn			Judd. I'm  really sorry about your sister. Truly I am.

Jud			She was the last one The only person I had left.

Caspian		What about the rest of us? you sorry about that too?

Marshall		Knock it off! We've got more important things to worry about. Lets figure out what's still usable.

Kyle			We've lost all the food and water.

Victoria		You brought your journal?

Bob			No. More like letters.

Caspian		Maybe we can break into a house on the way. Find some water people bought and didn't have time to drink.

Marshall		We gotta get up there, I'm pretty sure there's a highway right up there.

Bob			That's sam.

Victoria		Oh, That's sweet.

Bob			Yeah ... Yeah he was.

Marshall		We better get going.

Caspian		Alright people let's go! We ain't got all day to write home to mommy.

Julie			[Growling]

Halpern		Julie. Julie baby.

Julie 			it's daddy. Here,  I want to show you something.

Julie. 			You see? It's Nathan. It's your son.

Halpern		Sweetie, are you hungry?  I want you to eat something. uh. Julie... Can you eat anything? Here you smell that? Here.  There you go there you go.

Halpern		Organs covered with some sort of  viscous black mass It's either the organism itself or some sort of by product that keeps the tissue from decaying.

Julie			[Groans echo through halls]

Halpern		Once the host brain is dead, the body itself continues to exhibit postmortem spasms. The viral organism may have direct control over the muscle tissue. I'll know more with fresh samples of infected tissue.

Bob			Eh, it's no good, it's out of gas or the battery's dead or something

Caspian		Alright well, Let's get started walking to Petaluma.

Lynn		I'm not going.  I'm going in. I'm not leaving this city without Arnold's Research.

Caspian		What is it with you?

Lynn			We need a vaccine! Otherwise you are running scared forever.

Marshall		Lynn, I got a real bad feeling that if you go into that city alone you're not coming out.

Ashley			She's not going alone. I'm going too.

Lynn			No Ash

Kyle			yeah me too

Caspian		Oh great. Humanity is safe forever. two women and a kid.

Victoria		I would go, Lynn, I would...I just want this whole thing to be over.

Lynn			I'm not asking any of you to go with me , ok?

Caspian		Fine. Go Ahead. But the rest of us, We gotta get going. 

Marshall		This Vaccine...

Lynn			It exist. It does. It is so worth the risk.

Marshall		Then let's go get it.

Caspian		hey I was ... We were counting on you.

Kyle			I wish that you would come with us.

Ashley			I'm not the kind of person that should still be alive.

Kyle		 	What does that mean?

Ashley		Let's face it, I should've been dead two months ago. I would've never made it this far if it wasn't for Lynn. If she needs help I...

Kyle		No, you're just loyal.  He's a good guy. He is I mean, we're not blood related, but he practically raised me. That's why he's ... how he is. He's just trying to keep me safe. I would come with you, I would, but...

Ashley			...but you're loyal. Yea.

Kyle			Here... take this...

Ashley			I've never even fired one of these...I need to be more like Lynn.

Kyle			No.  I like who you are.

Ashley			Hang on to this for me...until I see you again until I see you again.

Caspian		I think you are backing the wrong team.

Lynn			It's not a game.

Marshall		See you back at Petaluma.

Caspian		I don't think I'll ever see you again.

Halpern		Subject #2's electrical prosthesis seems to be malfunctioning. It could be due to a disruption in the electric signals. This is really  interesting...the tissue in  direct proximity to the device doesn't seem to be infected. I'm going to attempt to procure a fresh tissue sample from subject #2.

Halpern		Alright Jason, here we go…just take it easy...take it easy.

Jason			[screams, groans]

Bob			Hello? Anyone here?

Caspian		Seems abandoned.

Bob			Yeah it seems that way.

Caspian		Hey look, stay focused. We  don't  have time to write in our  little diaries man, this is serious stuff. Kyle! Kyle!

Kyle			Kyle!  Clear up here... Hey!


Caspian		Man, I almost blew your head off.

Kyle			Nothing.

Bob			Nothing.

Caspian		Okay here is the deal. We're looking for food, water, anything that we could use as a weapon.

Bob			ok

Caspian		Either way five minutes we are outta here.

Kyle			Alright. I'm going to go out to the garage and look for a car.

Juli			Daddy! Daddy!

Halpern		Julie? Julie! Julie. baby it's me! Sweety It's daddy. It's me sweety are you in there? hmmm... sweety answer me. Do you undestand me? It's me.

Julie			[growl]

Halpern		Julie. Julie.

Bob			[Scream]

Caspian		What? What?

Bob			Hey I don't like things that bite. alright.

Caspian		It's just a rat. That means the food is good.

Lynn			Those aren't onions kid.

Caspian		Oh yeah! Oh yeah baby for me.

Caspian		[Screaming]

Victoria		I wonder what happened to them?

Bob		They never left. Come on. Come on. Hurry up. it's tragic stuff. Hurry up. come on.

Bob			Caspian! Caspian! Caspian are you ....

Bob			[zombie growls /Screams]

Kyle			Hey! Uncle Mark!

Caspian		[Caspian zombie growls]

Victoria		[screaming / crying / efforts on Caspian attack]

Kyle			I'm sorry Uncle Mark.

Halpern		Millions of them in a sample and hey're resilient buggers. I tried everything from penicillin to bleach. and every single time the host organism dies before they do.

Lynn			So they are independent of the host?

Halpern		They are independently existing sure ... See it's like with them it's strength in numbers.Collectively they control the machine. but it's clear that they have some way of communicating. Could be chemical but he's my guess. my guess is they use electrical impulse to hijack the nervous system. He's the weird thing Lynn. Jason's prosthesis is not even affect.

Lynn			Prosthesis?

Halpern		It's bionic-controlled  fingers. He's got three of them on the left hand.

Halpern		Lynn,it's like these microorganisms they are afraid of it. They won't go near it. I think it's the electricity that they omit.

Lynn			How do you test for that?

Halpern		Well, I'm going to see how they respond to an enduced electrical current that's what I'm gonna do. Lynn, what if she's in there. What if she's in there and I could save her.

Lynn			Hope you're right.

Lynn		Marshall, I have to ask. Why did you come with us? You were so set on going to the evacuation point.

Marshall		I didn't want you to have to go on your own. You know, all this talk about survival and people just forgotten what's plain right. You know, I don't think you want to hear it, I think it makes you unconfortable.

Lynn			No no go ahead.

Marshall		I think there is a reason I'm here. I think it's gods plan to help you with your mission. Scientist don't like all the god talk huh.

Lynn		No It's Just ... I mean ...This is god's will ... I mean ... What kinda god would. Anyway, I'm no saint and I'm certainly not doing this to be a holy marter.

Marshall		No.  Because Marters by defenition loose. You're planning on winning, I like that too. Plus I want to see the look on Caspian's face.

Lynn			[Laugh]

Ashley			Where's Judd? Judd? Judd. Judd!

Ashley			They're coming up.

Lynn			Oh my god!

Marshall		Come on!

Marshall		Weapons out!

Lynn			They're here too!

Ashley			[Scream]

Lynn		Ashley! If they come at you, and you have to shoot aim towards the head...  open your eyes, hold your breath  and just shoot. 

Lynn			Hold your breath!

Marshall		Get in the car!

Lynn			Marshall, Judd, clear!

Marshall		Take cover!

Pauline		[crying from inside ambulance]

Ashley			There's somebody in here! There's somebody in here!

Lynn			Hold on, hold on, we don't know what's in here.  Wait!

Marshall		Okay. 3 ... 2... 1!

Marshall		It's okay, it's okay, we're not gonna hurt you. My name is Marshall, That's Lynn and Ashley. What's your name?

Pauline		I'm Pauline.

Marshall		Hi Pauline, we're from the refugee camp on Alcatraz.

Pauline		So it's real...people made it over  there?

Marshall		How long have you been in here?

Pauline		I hid in here to get away from them, but then they wouldn't leave.

Marshall		It's okay to come out now.

Pauline		No. They're still out there.

Marshall		Come look. You're okay, you're okay.

Ashley		You have to eat something, for the baby, come on out. What are we going to do with her? She can't come wih us to San Francisco, she can barely walk, let a lone run.

Lynn		We have to get her to the  evacuation point at Petaluma one of us is gonna have to take her.

Ashley			I told you, I'm coming with you to get the vaccine research.

Lynn			Ash...

Ashley			you don't think I can make it...

Lynn			...I didn't say that.

Ashley		but that's what you think...you think because I don't know how to shoot that I won't make it to UCSF

Lynn			Look.  I didn't say that, that's...

Ashley			...it's fine.

Ashley			Come on, It's okay

Pauline		[screaming]  No! No! No!

Ashley			oh my god.

Pauline		Shoot me! Don't let it get my baby! Save her...save her please

Marshall		Come on Lynn…20 seconds…do it!

Lynn			[big breaths]...I...I can't do it... Guy's it's spreading!

Pauline		Save my baby please!

Ashley		What are you doing? Stop! What are we gonna do with a newborn baby? Stop!

Lynn		You stop! It was the one thing she asked us to we're delivering her baby.

Lynn			okay..[breaths]...here ya go...

Ashley			Oh, you sweet thing...

Ashley			Oh...no, no, no, no...[scream!] No! No! No! No! [crying]

Lynn			No! Stop, stop, stop it! Stop!!!

Ashley			[crying]

Halpern		Okay, we're gonna test the effects of various amounts of voltage on subject #2...easy now, easy boy

Lynn		This is Dr. Arnold's lab...  Arnold!? This is definitely  the lab from the video. Courtney, that was the chimp, right Ash?

Ashley			Yea, that was it.

Lynn			There must be something here.

Ashley			[Vomiting]

Lynn			Ash...hey, hey, Ash...come on...

Ashley			[coughing / gagging]...I'm fine...I'm fine...

Lynn			…it's okay...sit down and relax okay.

Halpern		Come on sweetie I need you to eat something, okay?

Lynn		Start at your ear and work your way down, hold him this is going to sting. It was a mistake to come here.

Marshall		You were following your gut, you  don't have to apologize to me Having faith in something it feels good.

Lynn		didn't feel so good for Judd. oh man, this is a nasty cut on the back of his neck. I wanna take his collar off, and then clean up his wound. It might take a couple of stitches. He's from the Berkely water plant?


Arnold		it's Arnold There's a water treatment research facility there, its part of the university. Maybe he was looking for answers in the water supply. All scientists go back to the source, right?

Marshall		Water treatment?

Lynn		He specializes in waterborne diseases. He went back to the source of the outbreak. He's looking for a weakness in the virus, or maybe it's origin.

Marshall		That's a big leap, Lynn.

Lynn		No, no, no, no he took all of his research, all of his samples everything. Maybe he was in communication with someone there. They had all the resources to perfect the  vaccine.  Maybe he was...

Marshall		Maybe isn't good enough, okay. We cannot keep running around. We need to get to Petaluma, you just said that.

Lynn			Maybe this is our best hope!

Ashley			What's going on?

Lynn			but if we could find that research.

Marshall		No! This, all this, it's a sign.

Lynn			From God?

Ashley			You guys

Lynn		Where do you see the God, Marshall? In the millions dead? Or maybe in the millions infected.

Ashley			Lynn, stop.

Lynn		What about the millions infected tomorrow? Marshall, face the facts...there is no God, there's only us.

Ashley			Alright, stop.

Marshall		Petaluma tomorrow. Now are you gonna stitch up the dog or am I?

Lynn			I need sutures.

Lynn			[crying]

Marshall		Hey...I'm

Lynn			Oh no...I'm good, I'm good, I'm good, totally fine...

Lynn			Hey.

Ashley		I'm pregnant. I've been pregnant for two months, since before the island.

Lynn			With who?

Ashley		[big sigh]  some guy at a party...remember those?  and now I...I don't want it. What I did on the bridge...I can't stop hearing that sound. what kind of world is this for a baby. I want you to take it out.

Lynn			Ash...

Ashley			I don't want the baby.

Lynn		Look, you're worried right now  that's so normal and believe me,  the worrying never stops.  But when you look in to you baby's face...and he looks back at you. I mean you're gonna fall in love. and not just with the baby, with the man that he's gonna be one day, and you'd do anything to protect him...anything. To  make him safe...and innocent. You'd just do anything. trust me.

Ashley			Okay.

Kyle			Hello!! Hello!

Lynn			This is the security room...damn, it's locked.

Marshall		I can just break through the glass.

Ashley			No, wait, wait, look.

Lynn			Nice eye, Ash.

Marshall		Yea, that's where I keep my keys.

Lynn			[exasperated breathing] Come on guys. Come on.

Marshall		Maverick, stay here, guard the door.

Marshall		Bingo! We got smoke grenades, tasers...

Lynn			Oh, tasers, that should come in handy. [Electric Current noise]

Kyle			Too stupid to climb, aren't ya. yeeeaahh!

Halpern		Testing the effects of oxygen deprivation on Subject 2. 

Julie			[Zombie Julie growling]

Halpern		Julie, baby is that what you want? Huh? This is what you want.

Julie			[Zombie Julie screaming] Daddy's comin' sweetie, I'm on my way...

Halpern		Sweetie... I have something for you. Come on...you really need to eat something. Oh baby yes, yes... Uh, Subject #1 is uh, is responding to the fresh meat specimen. Um, there seems to be a real sense of calm that's settling over her...her appetite is ... [yell on grab]  [muttering, breathing] I love you...

Ashley			Oh my god.

Marshall		Oh no.

Lynn		No...No! Halpern, Halpern, come in...Halpern, come in! [sigh]...Halpern please...Halpern please, come in! Halpern, please come in, please, please, come in! No! [ sighing]...no...

Marshall		Dr. Halpern knew the risks.

Lynn			Oh god...

Marshall		You asked me how I could see God in the middle of hell... see him in you Lynn.

Lynn			[sob]

Ashley			Guys. Guys we gotta go. Now!

Lynn			[heavy breathing]   oh man

Marshall		Cover!

Marshall		Come on, let's get out of here!

Kyle			Get in!

Kyle			Did you guys get the research?

Lynn			No. We need to get to Petaluma.

Kyle		There is no Petaluma... there's no anything. maybe we go to one of those coastal towns, where they use their own well water, or maybe we head up to Oregon.

Ashley			There's no Petaluma? There's no evacuation? [sobbing]

Kyle			You okay?

Ashley			There's no point to anything.

Kyle			We're alive.

Kyle		It's just me and you now I don't care who the father is.This is your baby,  It's a part of you. Uncle Mark taught me that blood does not make a family.

Ashley			Blood is all there is, now.

Kyle		No...hey...I'm gonna love you, and I'm gonna love this baby. We will find a safe place...okay.

Ashley			I wish I could force myself to believe that.

Lynn			How's it goin' flyboy?

Marshall		Uh, hopefully we have enough to get us to Berkely, hey can you grab Kyle I need him to help me with the brakes

Lynn			Okay.

Lynn			Kyle, Marshall needs you, he's trying to reinforce the breakes.

Kyle			Yea.

Lynn			You told him?

Ashley			Yeah

Lynn			and?

Ashley			He has this idea that everything's gonna be alright.

Lynn		Marshall thinks that too. maybe Marshall is right, about faith. you're gonna need this soon.

Kyle			Is she okay?

Lynn			Yea.  She just needs a little time...it's been a lot.

Lynn			Ash! Ash!!! No! Ash! Ash!!!! no!! Ashley!!! Ashley!!!

Kyle			Ashley!

Lynn			No!!! [sobbing] No...no...no...

Lynn			Pull over. There's a police station ahead. Let's check it for weapons.

Lynn			Looks like it's already been looted here too.

Kyle			He must've hung himself while he was turning.

Marshall		Let's put him out of his misery.

Lynn			We gotta be quick in here.

Marshall		Kyle.

Marshall		Totally cleared out.

Marshall		It's locked.

Kyle			[laughs] sweet.

Marshall		Lynn! We got something!

Kyle			[screaming]

Marshall		Are you bit!? Are you bit!

Kyle			I'm fine. I'm fine.

Marshall		Let's go, there's more...let's go! Go!

Marshall		Where exactly are we going?

Lynn			I don't know, I've never been here.

Marshall		Let's stop here and get out be careful guys.

Lynn			Shhh.  Listen.

Marshall		What is that, music?

Lynn			Yea, it's definitely getting louder.

Marshall		It's definitely coming from up here. 

Marshall		Watch out! There's another one! Come on! Come on, let's go.

Marshall		Which way do we go?

Kyle			Guys! We got problems!

Marshall		Come on guys, up on the table! Get up here!

Marshall		Light 'em up!

Lynn		Dr. Arnold! Dr. Arnold! It's Dr. Lynn Snyder from UCF the Marine Biology Department. Please let us in we're not safe out here! Please!

Arnold			Oh, right, right, what's the password!?

Kyle			Open the damn door!

Arnold			Okay, alright...

Lynn			Please, we're not safe out here!

Arnold		I got it, I got it. Come in...come in... Come 'ere...up, up, up, up, up...there we go, sit down

Lynn		Dr. Arnold, the last message we received from you was that you were very close to a vaccine, wih the chimpanzee, Courtney.

Arnold		Yea, that was a real mess, let me tell you. That was the TSL12, that was a good one. It showed a lot of promise, but  then, ah...we had to get out  of there after that. Nah, they were not happy.

Lynn			What's the status of the vaccine?

Arnold			Status? Ah, well, old Mav here, he's lookin' pretty good huh?

Lynn		Yea, he was bitten and scratched, no symptoms at all.

Arnold	Oh, good, good,good, good, good, good, good. Yea, he was one of my last subjects, made a run for it the last time they busted in. Ah, he's a clever boy thank you for bringing him back.

Lynn		Have you done any human testing?

Arnold	Well...myself [laughs]...but I haven't had the guts to introduce the virus to my own system, sorry. Let's take a look at you, huh, here.

Marshall	Guys, they're starting to come through, we have to get out of here now. We have a truck out front we can take you too

Arnold	Leave? Was it easy getting in  here? What do you think the  vaccine is going to keep me from getting my throat ripped out? Let me tell you something, there's only one way to get out of here, up.

Marshall	Up?

Arnold	Yea, fly. There's a medical helicopter up on the roof. [Laughs] I don't know how to fly it...do you know how to fly it?

Marshall	I do, I know how to fly it.

Arnold		You don't know how to fly it.

Marshall	I'm a pilot I can fly it.

Arnold 	It's not a truck.

Lynn		No, he can do it.

Arnold	Listen to them, you've made them cranky, huh? They like the Mozart, let's talk about this tomorrow.

Marshall	Tomorrow!? We risked everything to come here to save you. You are useless, we're leaving now!

Arnold		Oh, I'm useless?

Lynn	Dr. Arnold, please, please, there are so many people that need your vaccine and a cure for the infected. You could be responsible for saving all those people. Imagine the city alive again, imagine you're the man who did it.

Arnold		Lynn. What makes you think they want to be cured?

Marshall	[Screaming] Help! Help! Help! oh my god...oh my god...

Marshall	Cut it off! Cut it off!!!!! Do it!!

Lynn		25...24...23...22...

Marshall	Cut it off!

Arnold		Hold on! I need a minute to think.

Lynn	Just look at me, fly boy! Don't take your eyes off of me! Keep your eyes on me! Just stay right here with me! Don't take your eyes off of me

Marshall	[Scream]

Arnold		Alright, Lynn, we need to cauterize this wound

Marshall	[Screaming] Alright, alright.

Arnold		grab those vials right there now go grab the keys!

Lynn		How you doin'?  How you doin'Marshall?

Kyle		Go!

Kyle		Go!!!! Move! Move!

Lynn		It's locked!...come on.

Kyle		I've been scratched! I've been scratched!

Lynn 		Arnold give him the vaccine!

Marshall	Lynn, Lynn, you gotta be my left hand, okay?

Lynn		Yea...okay

Marshall	You gotta control that...you're gonna steer for us, okay? The control is just like a joystick in a video game, it controls what direction we go in, okay?

Lynn		Okay, I'm nervous...

Marshall	I have faith in you.

Arnold		Is it working?

Kyle		Yea! Ow!

Arnold		Sorry...just to be safe. Okay.

Kyle		Get us out of here...let's go!

Marshall	Are you ready?Here we go, you ready? Are you ready...okay, here we go, hold her steady.

Marshall	You're doing great, just hold her steady.

Lynn		How're you doin'?

Marshall	I'll be fine.

Arnold		I need a lab. I can replicate the vaccine, but I need a proper laboratory.

Kyle		What about a cure for the dead?

Arnold		Anything is possible ...anything and everything.

Lynn		 ... or nothing at all.
