Jake		Hey, bro, got my battery!
	
Maclain	No!
	
Dr. Murphy	Easy, easy. I'm Dr. Murphy, hypnosis. You were hypnotized. You were in deep. I hypnotized you. Okay, now come out of it slowly. Hypnosis.
	
Dr. Murphy	Maclain, now you said while you were under that your parents were frozen to		death. Is that right?
	
Maclain	Died in a car accident. It's my dreams, they die in all sorts of different ways. Sometimes they're on fire. Sometimes they're drowning.
	
Dr. Murphy	Uh-huh.
	
Maclain	Last time they were falling off a cliff and...
	
Dr. Murphy	Mm-hm.
	
Maclain	I can't do anything about it. And then he's there every time filming the whole thing.
	
Dr. Murphy	Ah, he, your brother, right? Mm-hm, mm-hm.
	
Maclain	Yes, It's quite frustrating, so.
	
Dr. Murphy	Mm-hm, mm-hm.
	
Maclain	If you can tell me what I need to know to get rid of them, that'd be great.
	
Dr. Murphy	Mm. Mm-hm, mm-hm. Mm-hm.
	
Maclain	I'm sorry, do you want me to keep talking? I kinda got to the end of my thought there.
	
Dr. Murphy	Oh, oh, okay, okay okay okay. So, so, so, so you have a dream, uh, that you		can't interpret, so you're wondering what that means. So let me explain, okay.
	
Dr. Murphy	Now dreams, right, are, come from the brain, right. Your brain goes to sleep and you create these dreams.
	
Dr. Murphy	Now dreams, uh, even though the brain is creating them, the brain can't actually do the things that you're dreaming about. 
	
Dr. Murphy	You understand that, right? So, so really what it comes down to, there's a famous hypnotherapist. His name is Jonathan Mayer. He described the body as being a wonderland.
	
Dr. Murphy	And what I need you to understand about dreams is that when. Oh you're not following me. Let, let, let me simplify this a little bit more. Dreams are, hm, not real.
	
Dr. Murphy	Does that make sense?
	
Maclain	Yeah, I'm aware that dreams are not real, okay? I just want them to end because my parents have been gone for over 15 years.
	
Dr. Murphy	Okay, now now now now this is just me, just a hunch, but maybe, uh, you know, your dreams are not about your parents as much as they are about, um, hm, your brother.
	
Maclain	My brother.
	
Dr. Murphy	Yes. He, he's, the, the delusional one. Yes. You, you, you said, right?
	
Maclain	Okay, they're not about my brother.
	
Dr. Murphy	Okay, mm-hm, mm-hm. Okay, but he's the only one in the dream that's alive other than you, right, so.
	
Maclain	Well he's dead to me.
	
Dr. Murphy	Okay.
	
Maclain	He's been-
	
Dr. Murphy	Ah, ah. Dead to (clears throat) you, right? Okay, right?
	
Maclain	He's pretty much the worst brother you could ever ask for.
	
Dr. Murphy	Mm-hm.
	
Maclain	After my parents died, he decided to go crazy and leave me with all the aftermath, so no.
	
Dr. Murphy	Mm-hm.
	
Maclain	It's not about him, even though he tries to make everything about him.
	
Dr. Murphy	Mm-hm. Mm-hm, mm-hmm, mm-hmm.
	
Maclain	Is that all you do is sit there and mm-hm, mm-hm?
	
Dr. Murphy	Okay, this is good. Now tell me how this makes you feel?
	
Maclain	You are the worst, man.
	
Dr. Murphy	Now, now, now, now, not to call you out on something, but how could I be the worst, when you just said your brother is the worst, right? We can't both share that title, right? 
	
Dr. Murphy	Which leads me to my next point, which is that maybe, uh, you know, your issues here are with your brother that you're just not facing, and you instead are projecting, you know, um, your anger on me.
	
Maclain	What I'm currently trying to wrap my brain around is how in the world my wife convinced me to sit here and do this.
	
Dr. Murphy	Now now now now now try to use I feel statements, I feel this, I feel that.
	
Maclain	I feel like you're an idiot!
	
Dr. Murphy	Aha, okay.
	
Maclain	I feel like this is a complete waste of time, waste of money. Mm-hm. And I also feel that you look like a weasel.
	
Dr. Murphy	Hm.
	
Maclain	Actually, no, a ferret. You have a tiny ferret's head on an abnormally large trunk and tiny little baby legs.
	
Dr. Murphy	Okay, now I feel maybe you should make amends with your brother and then the dreams will go away.
	
Jake		What are you doing?
	
Jake		(laughing)
	
Jake		Oh man.
	
Jake		Hello!
	
Jake		(echoing)
	
Jake		How are you?
	
Jake		(echoing)
	
Jake		(laughs)
	
Jake		Fine, thank you, how are you?
	
Jake		(echoing)
	
Jake		Good that you're polite.
	
Jake		(echoing)
	
Jake		Do you know what time it is?
	
Jake		(echoing)
	
Jake		Yes, it's, oh fudge, I'm late. Goodbye little guy. You're free.
	
Clare	Hey babe, I was just calling to see how your session with. I hope well. I'm out running a few errands, so I'll be home a little bit later, okay. Alright, love you, bye.
	
Clare		Jake?
	
Jake		Clare.
	
Clare		Oh my gosh. I can't believe it's really you.
	
Jake	No, what are you doing? How do you know it's really me? Can't just open the door like that.
	
Clare	Well, you have Maclain’s eyes. And also I've seen a lot of pictures of you and you haven't really changed that much. So...
	
Jake		That’s true.
	
Clare		Come in.
	
Jake		Alright, I'll buy it.
	
Jake	You can't be too careful. There's lots of crazies going on. You just can't open your door for strangers, you know?
	
Clare		Amen.
	
Jake		Oh, were you saying a prayer? Should I have?
	
Clare		No, I was agreeing with you.
	
Jake		Oh.
	
Clare		It's so nice to finally meet you.
	
Jake		I know, it's nice to meet you too. I feel like I've already known you for forever.
	
Clare		Me too.
	
Jake		Yeah, that's how the best it is.
	
Clare		I agree.
	
Jake		Yeah. So, what made you contact me?
	
Clare		You contacted me.
	
Jake		That was the last test. You passed, you are the true Clare.
	
Clare		I am, it's me.
	
Jake		Oh man, that's so fun.
	
Clare		This is quite the meeting spot.
	
Jake	Oh yeah, I like how nice and secluded it is. In fact, one could almost murder one and one would never know.
	
Both		(laughs)
	
Clare		Yeah.
	
Jake		Just kidding. So what do you say, sis-in-law?
	
Clare	I don't know. It's just he's been on edge lately. We're having some personal problems, and also he's been having these terrible nightmares. So I just don't know if the timing's right.
	
Jake	That's what I thought at first too, but then I remember that we had the best time at Christmas. So I decided what better timing, right?
	
Clare	Well, what about this? What if you call him right now and you ask him? Then maybe he'll agree to it.
	
Jake		I think we both know what he'll say.
	
Jake	Well, this was gonna be fun, but you seem very nice. I was looking forward to getting to know you guys again. And you again, for the first time.
	
Clare		Well wait. 
	
Jake		Take it easy.
	
Clare		Wait, Jake, Jake.
	
Jake		Huh?
	
Clare	Okay, I don't feel comfortable lying to him, but what if you happen to show up at the family cabin that we're going to be at all weekend long?
	
Jake	I see. I'll happen to be there maybe. You don't know this, but you just made the best decision of your life.
	
Jake		Good luck getting out of here.
	
Clare		Bye. See you soon.
	
Clare		Maclain?
	
Maclain	I'm in here.
	
Clare		Hey.
	
Maclain	Hey.
	
Clare		So, how was it? Was he so good?
	
Maclain	Actually he was insane. Complete waste of money and a total quack.
	
Clare		What?
	
Maclain	Yeah.
	
Clare		But... That's so weird, he was so highly recommended.
	
Maclain	I knew it was a bad idea. I don't need a therapist. I just need to bury this like		normal people do.
	
Clare		I mean, he didn't have any good points?
	
Maclain	Not one. He said he thinks my dreams stem from issues with my brother.
	
Clare		That's interesting.
	
Maclain	Yeah, he said that maybe I should try reconnecting with him, that it might help me leave the past in the past.
	
Clare	Maybe he's right. I mean, maybe you've been feeling bad because your relationship with him is so broken. First of all, he's the one that broke the relationship
	
Maclain	when he went full crazy on me and when he abandoned me, okay? And			second of all, why are you taking the side of some hypno bullcrap artist.
	
Clare		Because it actually makes sense and maybe he can make you feel better.
	
Maclain	I feel great. Actually, I feel wonderful.
	
Clare	But secretly, deep down, don't you wish you could fix things with him? I mean, maybe he's super nice and likable and isn't Christmas the perfect time for that?
	
Maclain	This is completely insane.
	
Clare		You don't have to be rude.
	
Maclain	No, check out this last minute travel deal I got.
	
Clare		No, no, no, no, we're not going to Fiji for Christmas.
	
Maclain	You said I needed something new. Maybe this is a sign.
	
Clare		The universe does not send Groupon text alerts as signs.
	
Maclain	Well, I want you to imagine one thing. You and me on a romantic beach onChristmas Eve. Come on, doesn't that sound romantic? I mean, the cabin, it's so blah.
	
Clare	Cabin is not blah. The cabin is the most Christmasy place ever and Fiji is like the least Christmasy place ever.
	
Maclain	Okay, but I just want something different, you know? Let's start a new tradition, me and you.
	
Clare	No, a tradition is something you do every year. You don't just start a new tradition willy billy.
	
Maclain	Willy billy?
	
Maclain	This is perfect. Your parents are off cruising the Mediterranean. Your brother's are with their in-laws this year. We can just go off, you and I.
	
Clare	I'm telling you, I have a really special feeling about this year. I think it's going to be amazing. I might even have a special surprise.
	
Maclain	Let's just do your surprise right now.
	
Clare	No, we're going to the cabin and it's going to be the most Christmasy Christmas ever and you're going to be happy about it, okay?
	
Maclain	Christmasy is not a word.
	
Clare		Maybe not but Scrooge is.
	
Maclain	Actually that's a name, so.
	
Clare		Okay.
	
Maclain	Come on. You don't have to be the Christmas bully?
	
Clare		Really?
	
Maclain	Okay, fine, you're not the Christmas bully. You're just like a disgruntled elf or something.
	
Clare		Mm-hm.
	
Maclain	Alright, we'll do it. We'll go to the cabin this year. And maybe next year we'll have an enjoyable Christmas.
	
Clare		Cool, see you next year.
	
Maclain	See, look at these clouds. I'm worried about this storm coming up.
	
Clare		I think we'll be okay.
	
Maclain	What I'm worried about more than this storm is what is my big surprise gonna be?
	
Maclain	Is it a baby deer that I get to raise to be a buck?
	
Clare		You're dumb.
	
Maclain	How about this, is it a cardboard cutout of Carl Weathers eating chicken parm?
	
Clare		Ew, no.
	
Maclain	I am going to keep trying until I get it right.
	
Clare		Okay.
	
Maclain	Is it a North Korean pen pal? A Britney Spears Chia head? A self-cleaning			churro machine? King Triton's trident? Aladdin's lamp? 
	
Maclain	Cave of wonders? All the treasures? The thing-ma-bob? A jingle-hopper? The head of a Monrovian diplomat? 
	
Maclain	The heart of gypsy?
	
Clare		(sighs) Would you please stop talking?
	
Maclain	It's the heart of a gypsy. I can tell.
	
Clare		Okay, you really want me to tell you?
	
Maclain	Yes, I do.
	
Clare		Okay, this is a pretty big surprise. So, are you sure you're ready?
	
Maclain	Lay it on me.
	
Maclain	Why did you think this was a good idea?
	
Clare		Your therapist, all the podcasts I listen to, Tony Robbins says this is suppose to		be good.
	
Maclain	He says to bring a crazy person into your home?
	
Clare		Crazy?
	
Maclain	I mean look at him.
	
Clare		He looks completely harmless.
	
Maclain	Yeah, he may harmless and cozy and soft, but guess what? He thinks he's a		time traveler.
	
Clare	Well I think that's cool and I'd like to get to know your time traveling brother. So I say he's staying.
	
Maclain	What makes you be the one who decides?
	
Clare	I mean, come on, Maclain. He's not some homeless man off the side of the street. You're being irrational.
	
Maclain	I'm being irrational? You're the one who wanted to bring him here. We should've brought him to an ER. He needs professional help.
	
Jake		Actually I'm okay. I'm alright. The tent actually took the brunt of the hit.
	
Clare		Oh my gosh, he lives in a tent. You can not kick him out.
	
Maclain	This is what he does. He's doing it to you now.
	
Jake		I'm sensing a lot of weird energy from.
	
Clare		No, no, no, no. Maclain, he was just saying how excited he is to have you here.
	
Maclain	No, I was saying let's not get excited because Jake probably has to leave.
	
Clare	No, no, you were saying you can't wait to catch up and reconnect with your estranged brother.
	
Maclain	No, I thought it was strange that my brother came here to our cabin after 15 years.
	
Clare	No, no, you straight up said, oh, I'm so happy to have our brother here at our family cabin. What a great Christmas surprise.
	
Maclain	No, Jake, this is what I said. I said, you and I both know this is probably a really bad idea. So you should just.
	
Jake	Yeah, I should probably, probably go, yeah. I miss this place. Ouch, ouch. But  I'm gonna go. I'm just gonna head out. Really get to a trusted InstaCare facility. One with a decent concussion protocol. Your Prius, it was a, it popped me good.
	
Clare		Jake, wait.
	
Maclain	No.
	
Jake	I should probably actually get the ER. It's a billboard that said there's only a 28 minute wait. I'll be fine, don't worry. I'm gonna get there before all the internal bleeding.
	
Jake		I'll be fine by myself. Oh, my shoulders.
	
Clare		No, I'm gonna take you.
	
Maclain	No.
	
Clare		Just let me get my boots on.
	
Maclain	I don't want you driving out there.
	
Clare		Oh, we'll be fine.
	
Maclain	You don't know that. The roads could be bad.
	
Clare		Well, clearly he can't walk down there. So what's your solution?
	
Maclain	Jake, just.
	
Jake		What, Maclain?
	
Maclain	Shut the door so you can hear me.
	
Jake		What?
	
Maclain	You can stay here tonight and you're welcome to leave first thing in the morning.
	
Jake		Serious? That's perfect.
	
Maclain	Great.
	
Jake		Great, that's great.
	
Clare		Are you hungry?
	
Jake		I'm starving, Clare. I got hit by a car.
	
Clare		I'll make you a sandwich.
	
Jake		Yeah, no mustard.
	
Clare		Okay, yeah.
	
Jake		Can we get a puzzle, Mac?
	
Maclain	You can do a puzzle with Clare. I am going to get firewood for Mr. Clark.
	
Jake		The taxidermy guy? No offense but why doesn't he get it himself?
	
Maclain	I don't know, maybe 'cause he's paralyzed from the waist down. Wouldn't you know that? Or maybe you were off at the Gettysburg address.
	
Jake		Yeah right. I was probably somewhere way cooler.
	
Clare		Well, I don't want you to go alone. I'll go with you.
	
Maclain	I'm fine.
	
Jake		What if you get lost and you have to sleep inside a dead horse?
	
Jake	How come my logs feel like they're way heavier than yours? I feel like mine are heavier than yours.
	
Clare		Mr. Clark, do you need help?
	
Mr. Clark	No, I got it. Stay right there, guys. I'll be right with you.
	
Clare		We brought you some firewood.
	
Jake		Hey Mr. Clark. Do you want...?
	
Mr. Clark	Oh, hey, it's the Bernard brothers. Hi guys, give me one second here and grab		the door. Okay, oh gravy. Oh gravy. I got it, I got it.
	
Jake		Do you want? 
	
Mr. Clark	Gimme. Gimme one second. Okay, oh, you little stinker. Okay, come on, I'm almost there. Come on.
	
Jake		Well, just shut.
	
Mr. Clark	Oh thank you.
	
Jake		Oh, I am so sorry. Are you cold?
	
Mr. Clark	Oh, good gracious.
	
Jake		You look really cold.
	
Mr. Clark	No, I'm fine. I'm not deaf, I'm just paralyzed.
	
Jake		Okay. 
	
Mr. Clark	I'm great.
	
Jake		I'm sorry.
	
Mr. Clark	No, that is just fine. I haven't had any tingles in my jingles since the accident. That's you, Jake. I didn't even recognize. Well, how you been?
	
Jake		How are you doing?
	
Mr. Clark	Oh, you know, I can't complain except for my severed spine. But other than that, I'm doing real great.
	
Jake		Great.
	
Mr. Clark	I'd invite you all in for some cocoa, but I'm been skinning a momma moose in there. It's like a real crime scene.
	
Maclain	That's okay, we just wanted to drop by the firewood and say hello.
	
Clare		And spread a little Christmas cheer.
	
Mr. Clark	Oh, that's real great of you guys. I appreciate it so much. Why don't you two sing that Christmas song y'all use to sing to me every Christmas?
	
Jake		I don't know if we remember it.
	
Clare		Yes, come on, sing it.
	
Jake		We don't have the right key. I just, we're gonna be bad.
	
Mr. Clark	"Well, alright. I mean, if you don't wanna sing it, you don't have to, but it would sure put a lot of feeling back into my useless spine. Remind me of some simpler times.  Times when I didn't have to use the internet to get a carcas. I could just go out there and see a moose and kill him with my own hands. And just act like Samson, you know?  Slaying the lions with the jawbone of his ass. You know, blood just doesn't feel the same on my fingertips if I don't shed it my--"
	
Jake (sing)	"Away in a manger No crib for a bed The little Lord Jesus lay down his sweet head The stars in the heaven looked down where he lay The little Lord Jesus asleep on the hay Asleep on the hay."


Maclain (sing)	"Away in a manger No crib for a bed The little Lord Jesus lay down his sweet head The stars in the heaven looked down where he lay The little Lord Jesus asleep on the hay Asleep on the hay."
	
Mr. Clark	Well, thank you, boys. That, that was real nice. It sure good to see you two are still thick as thieves.
	
Mr. Clark	Your parents would be so proud of you, you know?
	
Mr. Clark	God rest 'em. They was just the best.
	
Mr. Clark	I sure appreciate you guys coming out here and visiting an old cripple for Christmas. You know, Christmas is a hard time when you're living by yourself, you know?
	
Mr. Clark	And you don't have any family and you're just thinking about family and you just sit quietly by a candle and you put on jammies and sit by the fire and think about doing a puzzle.
	
Mr. Clark	Sometimes I draw pictures of my family on the wall and I think, well, these are the people that love me and they really can't love me, can they? And I kiss 'em and hug 'em and cry.
	
Jake		Good, okay.
	
Jake		Can we just put it?
	
Mr. Clark	Oh, let me, I got that.
	
Jake		Can I just leave it there?
	
Mr. Clark	Sure.
	
Jake		Merry Christmas. Bye.
	
Clare		Merry Christmas.
	
Mr. Clark	Yeah, sometimes I just I think about people that...
	
Maclain	Let's Ride!
	
Mr. Clark	would love to be around me at Christmas time.
	
Mr. Clark	It's just that time of year...
	
Jake		Okay, okay.
	
Mr. Clark	where I would love to hear something warm and happy, you know? Simpler times, really thinking about times when I didn't have to go on the internet to get a—carcass...
	
Maclain	Hey.
	
Jake		Hey.
	
Maclain	Clare said to give you this.
	
Jake		Oh, thanks.
	
Maclain	Don't use up all the hot water.
	
Jake		Hey, you wanna blow some ships up?
	
Maclain	No, I'm pretty tired. I'm gonna go to bed.
	
Jake		Come on, one game before I leave in the morning? It'd be fun.
	
Jake		That was really cool that made me help Mr. Clark today. I like that.
	
Maclain	I didn't make you do anything.
	
Jake	No, but you're always good at being nice to people and I guess I just forgot that.
	
Maclain	I can't believe you remembered that harmony.
	
Jake	I will never forget that. Anyways, it's kinda ironic that both showed up at the cabin at the same time, right?
	
Maclain	No, that's coincidence.
	
Jake		What?
	
Maclain	Irony would be like, in this game if you always put your ships in the middle even though you lost every time you did that. Coming here after 15 years and seeing me, that's just coincidence.
	
Jake		Yeah, I guess so. I forgot how you're always so smart.
	
Maclain	So, are you ready to go?
	
Jake	Just give me a second, okay? If this is my last game with you, then I wanna make it special.
	
Maclain	It's gonna be a long weekend. Probably have time for a rematch.
	
Jake		Oh, I thought I was leaving in the morning.
	
Maclain	Well, I decided that you can stay through Christmas.
	
Jake		Are you serious? That is awesome.
	
Maclain	Well this isn't for you. And it's not for me, it's for Clare. We're gonna do it for her.
	
Jake	Let's do it for her. You gotta give 'em what they want. Women are crazy like that, right?
	
Maclain	Promise me you're going to be normal.
	
Jake		The normalest. Yes, Bernard family Christmas style, yeah.
	
Clare		Babe, that's awesome. I think that's really cool
	
Maclain	But you have to promise me one thing. If his weirdness gets too weird, you have to back me up.
	
Clare		I can't imagine that happening.
	
Maclain	Give him time.
	
Clare		Apparently he has all the time in the world. (laughs)
	
Maclain	You know what?
	
Clare		What, you didn't even laugh at my joke.
	
Maclain	It's hilarious, I know but guess what? It's like really embarrassing that he brings that up all the time.
	
Clare		More embarrassing than this little situation happening over here.
	
Maclain	I've lost 15 pounds since I started working out with Reggie.
	
Clare		Okay, but promise me one thing.
	
Maclain	What?
	
Clare		Promise that you will never ever lose these little love handles right here.
	
Maclain	Okay, okay, that's just rude.
	
Clare		I'm serious, I love 'em.
	
Maclain	Then prove it. Come here.
	
Clare		Babe, your brother is in the other room.
	
Maclain	Who's fault is that? Hey, I'll be quiet if you will.
	
Jake		Hey, get a room you guys.
	
Maclain	How long have you been standing there?
	
Jake		Don’t worry, I didn't hear anything.
	
Jake	I just was wondering do you guys have any other ice cream? This one looks like the ice planet Hoth.
	
Clare		We don't, I'm sorry. But I can go into town tomorrow and grab some.
	
Jake		Okay, just wanted to check and see.
	
Clare		Okay, alright. Good night.
	
Jake		Thanks, good night.
	
Maclain	Jake.
	
Jake		Yes?
	
Maclain	You wanna shut the door?
	
Jake	I do want to but you guys have a thermostat in here and if it gets too chilly out there, I don't wanna creak the door and wake you guys up. I'll just leave it open and I can just come in.
	
Clare		Yeah, of course, leave the door open. No big deal.
	
Jake		Okay, thank you, Clare.
	
Clare		Yeah.
	
Maclain	Yeah, thank you, Clare.
	
Jake	Thanks, okay. Alright, I'm just out there on that sofa that you built into a bed, right?
	
Clare		Yeah, is that okay?
	
Jake		Great, that's great. The bar in the middle of the back one.
	
Maclain	You wanna sleep in the attic?
	
Jake	No, I don't. It's gonna be good. Thank you so much, it's gonna be fun. Okay, I'll see you guys in the morning.
	
Clare		Alright, see you in the morning.
	
Jake		We're gonna have a good time.
	
Clare		Yeah.
	
Clare		He's so nice.
	
Clare		I'm really tired.
	
Maclain	Clare?
	
Jake		Get your boots on.
	
Maclain	What's going on?
	
Jake		Hurry up.
	
Maclain	Dude, what's happening?
	
Jake		You're gonna need this.
	
Jake		Go!
	
Clare		Help, help us!
	
Mr. Bernard	Help us, Maclain!
	
Mrs. Bernard	Oh please, help us.
	
Clare		This thing is gonna get us.
	
All		(screaming)
	
Jake		What are you gonna do, bro? What are you gonna do?
	
Beast		(roaring)
	
Maclain	No!
	
Mr. Clark 	"(Singing) Deck the halls with boughs of holly Fa la la la la la la"
	
Jake (sing) 	"Don we now our gay apparel Fa la la la la la Troll the ancient Yuletide carol. Fa la la la la la Deck the halls with boughs of holly Fa la la la la la Tis the season to be jolly"


Clare (sing)	"Don we now our gay apparel Fa la la la la la Troll the ancient Yuletide carol. Fa la la la la la Deck the halls with boughs of holly Fa la la la la la Tis the season to be jolly" on Christmas day,
	
Jake (sing)	"I saw three ships come sailing in On Christmas day," on Christmas day, "I saw three bagels come sailing in On Christmas day"
	
Jake (sing)	in the morning

Clare (sing)	in the morning
	
Jake (sing)	"On the 12 days of Christmas My true love gave to me 12 ginormous muffins" "We three kings, we three kings See how we roll" And heaven and heaven and angels sing Born is the king of Israel.
	
Clare (sing)	Born is the king of Israel.
	
Jake		You have a lovely voice.
	
Clare		Thank you, so do you.
	
Jake		I know.
	
Jake (sing)	Fall on your
	
Jake		I'll do this one by myself.
	
Jake (sing)	On your knees
	
Clare		Okay. You sound beautiful.
	
Jake		Oh, thank you.
	
Jake (sing)	Oh, hear the angels voices Oh night divine Oh night, oh night divine "Good King Wenceslas looked out On the Feast of Stephen Brightly shown the snow about Deep and crisp and even"
	
Clare		Are you okay?
	
Jake	Yeah, I am. I was just thinking about Good King Wenceslas. He was good. I was actually at the Feast of Stephen. Just a really good king. I liked him. A lot.
	
Clare		So, how does it work exactly?
	
Jake		Well I think you just teach your subjects good principles and let them--
	
Clare		No, no, no, I mean, the time travel. Did you invent a machine or?
	
Jake	Clare, I can't even open a package of Oreos without destroying it. You think I'm gonna invent a time machine?
	
Clare		I didn't know.
	
Jake		No, no way. It's all about my body temperature.
	
Clare		Really?
	
Jake		Yeah.
	
Clare		How does that work?
	
Jake	Well, since you asked, it all started after the accident, the one where my mom and dad got...
	
Clare		Yeah. 
	
Jake		Killed.
	
Clare		Yeah, I know. 
	
Jake	In the car accident. I was in coma in the hospital and one night this idiot nurse named Darrel accidentally flipped off the heater in my room. I was balls cold.
	
Clare		Oh gosh.
	
Jake	But I couldn't press the call button 'cause I was in a coma. So I just had imagine somewhere super warm.
	
Jake	Next thing you know I'm in 12th century B.C. Egypt under the reign of Ramesses the third.
	
Clare		Really?
	
Jake		Yeah, it was crazy. It was fun, very fun at first.
	
Clare		Wow.
	
Jake		I was sunbathing in the Nile.
	
Clare		Yeah.
	
Jake		I was hanging out with lots of celebrity Egyptians.
	
Clare		Really?
	
Jake		Yeah, but I don't speak hieroglyphics for crap so it got old very fast.
	
Clare		Oh.
	
Jake		It kinda sucked after that.
	
Clare		And then how did you get back?
	
Jake	Oh, well, I sold myself into slavery and got shipped to Scandinavia and basically just hopped off the boat once we got to the North Sea. Then that just did it. I got cold enough and then boom.
	
Clare		Wow.
	
Jake		Yep.
	
Jake		There I am.
	
Clare		Incredible, really.
	
Maclain	Hey, what's going on in here?
	
Jake		Huh?
	
Maclain	I swear I heard you talking about Ramesses the third. What was that about?
	
Jake		Oh, I was telling Clare what kind of history buff you are.
	
Clare		Mm-hm.
	
Maclain	Well, did he tell you how his wife conspired to kill him to take the thrown?
	
Clare		Oh, yeah, it's my favorite.
	
Jake		Speaking of favorites, look what we did for our favorite guy? Surprise.
	
Clare		Are you hungry?
	
Jake		We did this for our favorite guy.
	
Clare	Okay, so we crossed service off the list with Mr. Clark, but the next thing is we need a tree like yesterday.
	
Jake		Agreed.
	
Clare	So I say when we're done here, we head right down to Loan Pine before it gets too crowded.
	
Jake		Lone Pine?
	
Clare		Yeah.
	
Jake	You're in the middle of mother nature and you wanna get your tree from a stupid mall?
	
Clare	Well, they have a good prices and they have this noble fir that I was checking out.
	
Jake		Clare, you don't pick a tree. A tree picks you.
	
Clare		Really?
	
Jake		Mac, have you taught her nothing of our family traditions?
	
Maclain	I tried but she said no fake trees, end of story.
	
Clare		Sorry.
	
Jake		Fake trees, what are we, Chinese?
	
Clare		I know, I said the same thing.
	
Maclain	What does that mean?
	
Jake	It means that the Bernard family tradition is to trudge through the frozen tundra at the risk of hyperthermia and to let the light of Christmas shine down on the tree that chooses us.
	
Clare		Really?
	
Jake		Yeah, really Clare.
	
Clare		I love that. That is so Christmasy.
	
Jake		I know.
	
Clare		Why didn't you ever tell me that?
	
Maclain	Because it's 100% something that we never ever did.
	
Jake		What are you talking about?
	
Maclain	Dad was allergic to pine and Mom was religiously against the deforestation of conifers. We never did that.
	
Jake	Then why did we load in the station wagon every year and go into the backwoods to cut down a big ole Christmas tree?
	
Maclain	Because you're confusing our family with the Griswold's. Okay?
	
Jake		No.
	
Maclain	Yes, you are. Dad drove a Mercury Sable. We never ever did that.
	
Jake		That's not true, Clare. Don't listen to him.
	
Jake		Oh, never mind, you're right. That was from Christmas Vacation.
	
Maclain	Yeah. 
	
Jake		But it was a tradition to watch Christmas Vacation every year.
	
Maclain	It's a classic.
	
Clare		I love that, we should do that.
	
Maclain	Yeah, I'll see if I can get it On Demand.
	
Clare	No, no, not the movie. Well, we should do that, but also we should do the tree thing. We should start that tradition.
	
Jake		Yes, I call Chevy Chase.
	
Maclain	No, no way.
	
Jake		I called him, Maclain.
	
Maclain	No, we're not, no way we're going to get a tree. We don't have a permit and there's no way we're gonna get one this late.
	
Jake	What are you talking about? There's no park rangers out on patrol this time of year.
	
Clare		No.
	
Jake		Just maybe the Jewish ones.
	
Maclain	This is the exact time of year that they do patrol again because people like you go out and poach them.
	
Jake		Maclain, the chances of a Jewish ranger is slim to none.
	
Clare		Yeah.
	
Jake		Plus they hate camping.
	
Maclain	All religious stereotypes aside, we don't have a permit, we're not doing it.
	
Ranger Cal	Well, well, well. What do we have here?
	
Ranger Marge	Cha-ching.
	
Ranger Cal	Yeah.
	
Jake		We have been chosen.
	
Clare		The perfect tree.
	
Jake		Just like the movie. Come on.
	
Jake		It's beautiful. I think you should do the honors.
	
Maclain	Wait, me? No, this is your idea.
	
Jake		You're the oldest. Plus I gotta wiz like Seabiscuit.
	
Maclain	Well, why don't you go on one of these right here?
	
Jake		And soil someone's Christmas?
	
Clare		Yeah.
	
Jake		I don't think so. I'll be right back.
	
Maclain	Are we really doing this?
	
Clare		Chop chop.
	
Maclain	Okay. Watch out.
	
Ranger Cal	Hold it right there, bub. That's it, reach for the sky. Come on, unless you want 30 CCs of bear tranquiler STAT.
	
Maclain	You gotta be kidding me.
	
Ranger Marge	I'm only gonna say this once, lower your weapon. I repeat, lower your weapon.
	
Ranger Cal	Hey, who told you to put your hands down?
	
Maclain	She did.
	
Ranger Cal	If she told you to jump off a cliff, would you do that?
	
Maclain	No.
	
Ranger Cal	Then why did you lower your hands?
	
Maclain	What is going on here?
	
Ranger Cal	That's what we wanna know.
	
Ranger Marge	We're all ears.
	
Ranger Cal	Yeah, why don't you tell us what you and pretty little lady there are gonna do with that fir tree? Sorry, my partner doesn't like it when I refer to other woman as pretty. My fiance doesn't like it when I refer to her as my partner.
	
Ranger Marge	It's not as intimate, wouldn't you agree?
	
Clare		Yeah, totally, I get that.
	
Ranger Marge	No one asked you, toots. So shut your mouth, alright? You're in enough trouble as it is. This particular species is the preferred domicile of the American cuckoo.
	
Ranger Cal	Cute little guys.
	
Ranger Marge	I know, the best. Yeah. So you better hope your hubby here has a permit for this evergreen before he goes all Paul Bunyan on it or you'll be having a blue, blue Christmas.
	
Ranger Cal	That's right and without a permit, you won't be going home for Christmas and you count on that.
	
Ranger Marge	Yeah, you'll be spending the 12 days of Christmas in a clink.
	
Maclain	Okay, we get it. Give you the permit or it's like, come, you'll take us to jail, jail, jail, jail.
	
Ranger Cal	Hey, hey, hey. You think this is funny? That's a pretty good one. Write that one down.
	
Ranger Marge	I've already memorized it.
	
Ranger Cal	Yeah, good.
	
Ranger Marge	Now just give us the permit, we'll be on our way.
	
Maclain	Listen, we don't have an actual permit per say.
	
Ranger Cal	Oh, that's what we wanted to hear, pal. Sorry.
	
Ranger Marge	Okay, alright.
	
Ranger Cal	'Cause it's Santa Baby, baby, it's cold out. Come on, let's go.
	
Jake	I have it. I have it. I have a permit. I got it. Sorry, I have the permit, your honors. That's it right there, sorry. Just kinda riding dirty.
	
Ranger Cal	It stinks but it checks out.
	
Jake		Yeah, you better believe it.
	
Ranger Cal	Yeah, now what's with your nakedness?
	
Jake		Oh, I'm sorry, is my dress code in violation of the national park?
	
Ranger Cal	No, just a matter of personal curiosity.
	
Jake		Then I plead the fifth.
	
Ranger Marge	You're within your rights.
	
Jake		Thanks.
	
Ranger Cal	Well, good luck to you folks then and good luck with the harvest.
	
Ranger Marge	Yeah, take care.
	
Ranger Cal	And may Santa, maybe next Christmas Santa Baby, uh. No, good luck. After you.
	
Jake		Merry Christmas.
	
Maclain	Merry Christmas.
	
Both Rangers	Happy Hanukkah.
	
Jake		(laughs) They were Jewish.
	
Clare		Jake, why don't you have any clothes on?
	
Jake	I don't know actually. I think it had something to do with the time traveling. Just when I come back, it's super hot so just. I full on just shed my layers. Anyways, I wasn't planning on time traveling today or at all this weekend but desperate times. You know what I mean? Luckily though, saved your butts from going to jail. He said he was gonna take you and I believe it.
	
Clare		Well thank you.
	
Jake	Oh Clare, don't even. Alright, Mac, you wanna cut that down? We'll just drag it. I'm gonna go start the snowmobile.
	
Clare		Okay.
	
Jake		Alright. See you.
	
Jake		(singing “O Tannenbaum”)
	
Clare	Hey babe, can you make me a gallon of sugar water? I wanna make sure this tree lives as long as possible.
	
Clare		Who you texting?
	
Maclain	I'm not texting anyone. I'm looking up the nearest mental institution in case we need it.
	
Clare	Well, I wish you'd stopped doing that and help me. You're not being very Christmasy.
	
Maclain	Are we just gonna pretend like everything is normal? What happened out there was probably one of the most absurd things that's happened to me in a very, very long time.
	
Clare	Yeah, it was weird. It wasn't that weird. Well I'm just saying. In the context of the Jake I've known for the last 24 hours, it wasn't that weird.
	
Maclain	He disappeared to take a leak and then came back half naked claiming to have gone back in time.
	
Clare	Yeah, and this morning he told me that his best friend was Richard Nixon so what should my frame of reference be?
	
Maclain	Okay, I can handle some idle banter about his historical fantasies, but once he starts lying to us and also lying to law enforcement, that's where I have a problem.
	
Clare		Okay, park rangers, not law enforcement. There's a difference.
	
Maclain	I just don't understand why you're not more concerned about this.
	
Clare		So he's a little crazy, so what?
	
Maclain	So what, what if he hurts himself? What if he hurts us? He could burn this entire place down.
	
Clare		With what, a acapella riff? Come on, he's harmless.
	
Maclain	Okay, you don't know that.
	
Clare	Relax, okay? Did he hurt anyone? Did he break any rules? I think he's in danger in is your ability to be a martyr.
	
Maclain	Okay, are you being serious right now?
	
Clare	Yeah, you know what, I am because our whole marriage, all I've ever heard you talk about is how hard it is to not have a family, about how there's this void in your heart that no one can understand. You have your brother here. And all you're doing is looking for excuses of how to get rid of him.
	
Maclain	He thinks he can time travel. I don't need an excuse.
	
Clare		Maybe he can.
	
Maclain	Okay, you need to stop it.
	
Clare	I'm just saying, he pulled a tree permit out of his armpit dated three days ago. So...
	
Maclain	That is not time travel, Clare. That is called picking one up beforehand so he can dupe his sister-in-law. Don't you see what he's doing?
	
Clare		What?
	
Clare	Spreading Christmas cheer? Being in a good mood? Making me laugh for the first time in, I don't know, months. I mean, you said you'd give him a chance.
	
Maclain	Yeah, well, he is lying to us.
	
Clare	You know what, maybe he is. He might not be able to visit the past, but at least he knows how to live in the present.
	
Maclain	Come on.
	
Jake		What happened? Did she burn herself on the hot chocolate?
	
Jake		Did you burn yourself too? I should take a little try, right?
	
Jake		Fudge!
	
Jake		It is hot.
	
Maclain	Babe, can I come in?
	
Clare		Can you just give me a minute please?
	
Maclain	I'm sorry. I overreacted, I'll change my attitude, I promise. I really need you to come help me decorate the tree.
	
Clare		I'm not ready to talk to you right now. Okay?
	
Jake		Where's Clare Bear?
	
Maclain	She's taking a rest in the room. I say we should start without her.
	
Jake		Perfect, I got the family ones.
	
Maclain	Hey, can you do me a favor?
	
Jake		Yes.
	
Maclain	Can you just the rest of the time we're here just not talk about time travel?
	
Jake		Well, that is a, I'm really.
	
Maclain	Just stop it.
	
Jake		Alright, I'll stop. You know I am.
	
Maclain	Now, got that out of the way. Let's show Clare how we decorate a Christmas tree.
	
Jake		Yeah, Bernard bros style.
	
Maclain	Oh, ow. It's in my eyes.
	
Jake		That's never happened.
	
Maclain	Okay, now make sure that it's pretty and even and spaced around. Now go around, keep going. Okay, pretty side out. Now hand it over to me.
	
Jake		Coming at ya.
	
Maclain	Now we're stuck up there.
	
Jake		Oh, you're stuck up.
	
Maclain	Good one, pal.
	
Jake		Thanks, dude. Hey, hold on, move that over that.
	
Maclain	Take a couple of these bad boys. Actually I'll hand 'em to you, okay?
	
Jake		Okay, we should put them all over.
	
Maclain	Yeah, it think we should put them all over.
	
Jake		Alright, I'm getting kind of tired.
	
Maclain	Dad always hated these ones.
	
Jake		Yeah, Dad was afraid of red.  The color red, he was like a bull. In a china shop.
	
Maclain	Mm-hm.
	
Jake		Should we put any in the back or the back is?
	
Maclain	Not a lot in the back. This is the mainly for the front.
	
Maclain	Do you need any of these things?
	
Jake		Maybe I do take one of the bags.
	
Maclain	Are you just throwing them up there?
	
Jake		No, I got that. hung it up, it's perfect.
	
Maclain	Don't put that there.
	
Maclain	Put that right here.
	
Jake		I just all untangled all mine.
	
Maclain	You have smaller fingers.
	
Jake		No, I don't.
	
Maclain	This is kinda fun.
	
Jake		Yeah.
	
Maclain	You have bigger hands and smaller fingers.
	
Jake		This is the devil.
	
Maclain	Saved the best for last.
	
Jake		Oh yeah. Cool, dude.
	
Maclain	Oh yes, here we have the classic clothespin Rudolph with the sparkly nose, the cottontail, made by yours truly in 1988.
	
Jake		That's awesome.
	
Jake	Oh yes, here we have the creepy clown doll painted by me in 1995 at Granny and Papa's new house.
	
Maclain	Ah yeah, I remember that year. You were quite adept with the paintbrush even at 10.
	
Jake		Oh, truly, truly.
	
Maclain	Truly, truly, truly.
	
Maclain	Oh, remember this one?
	
Maclain	(humming)
	
Jake		I love that.
	
Maclain	This is my favorite one.
	
Jake		Yeah, that was mine.
	
Maclain	This is not yours, this is mine.
	
Jake		No, that one's mine.
	
Maclain	Yours was yellow and you ripped the cord right off first day.
	
Jake		Oh, that's true.
	
Jake		Dang, 2001.
	
Jake		That seems like yesterday.
	
Maclain	It seems like everyday.
	
Jake		You wanna talk about those dreams?
	
Maclain	How did you?
	
Jake	Dude, don't be mad at her. She’s worried about you. And she's a blabber when she's uncomfortable. I do it too. I think a lot of us do. I had 'em too actually for a long time. Except in mine Dad was always Dolph Lundgren and Mom was always that gelfling chick from The Dark Crystal. Which is weird, I haven't watched that movie in forever. But I finally learned how to make 'em stop.
	
Maclain	How?
	
Jake		I started time traveling.
	
Maclain	Jake, we--
	
Jake	I know, you told me not say that. I'm not suggesting you time travel 'cause honestly I don't think you could. It's not inside your body like it is for me, but it wasn't really the time traveling that made it stop. It was just that I was ready to face that reality and face those problems head on.
	
Jake		That's when it stopped.
	
Maclain	Well, glad you figured it out. 'Cause I sure haven't.
	
Jake	No, you haven't. You're actually a pretty hot mess. (laughs) I'm just kidding. But you will figure it out. I know you will. And I have a present for you that I think will help. I was gonna wait till Christmas time, but I think it's overdue.
	
Mr Bernard	Okay, is this thing on? How do you know if it's running?
	
Young Jake	Just hold it steady. There you go.
	
Mr Bernard	Okay
	
Young Jake	Hey bro, I know I didn't get you anything awesome for Christmas this year, but since I got this sweet new camera, I thought I'd just make you something instead.
	
Young Jake	This year is a tribute to the B squared. What's that, you say? Well, I'm about to break it
	
Young Jake	down for you. Double B, B squared, best buds, buzzin' bros, Bernard brothers, and the best double B of 'em all is my big brother, Mac attack. Mac attack, Mac attack. He's smart.
	
Young Jake	He knows more about history than any dude I know. B squared, he's probably reading
	
Young Jake	the encyclopedia right now, yo. Mac attack, Mac attack. He's tough, he broke his femur when he was only two years old. He learned to walk in his body cast, made his legs real strong. B squared, break it down. And let's not forget, he's good with the ladies.
	
Young Jake	Maclain is the best brother anyone could've ever asked for on Christmas.
	
Young Jake	All you haters beware, beware 'cause we are the B squared. I'm here with the lucky parents of Maclain Stephenson Bernard.
	
Young Jake	What do you have to say about this wonderful son of yours, sir?
	
Mr. Bernard	Oh, well, shoot. I haven't prepared anything. Maclain is the type of son that makes it easy to be a dad.
	
Mr. Bernard	Maclain is a great boy and soon he's soon gonna be a great man. And I'm very proud to be his father.
	
Mr. Bernard	Was I good?
	
Young Jake	Well said, sir.
	
Mr. Bernard	Thank you.
	
Young Jake	Well said. And you, ma'am, what do you have to add to the remarks of your husband?
	
Mrs. Bernard	Oh, okay, well everything that you need to know about Maclain can be seen in his eyes. That boy is true blue. Loyal, caring, kind. He does his best to always do the right thing even when it isn't easy. He loves his family more than anything else in the world.
	
Mr. Bernard	Yes he does. 
	
Mrs. Bernard	And he would do anything for them. Especially his mom.
	
Mr. Bernard	Whoa, wait, wait, is that true?
	
Mrs. Bernard	And I hope that he knows how much we love him too. Now back to you, Jake, you handsome devil you.
	
Mr. Bernard	Very nice.
	
Jake		I wanted to give that you earlier but... You know.
	
Jake		I missed you.
	
Maclain	I missed you, too.
	
Clare		An organic brother hug in front of a fully trimmed Christmas tree?
	
Jake		We did it.
	
Clare		You can't get more Christmasy than that.
	
Jake		Or can you? Mistletoe for to try to have a kiss.
	
Maclain	Okay, you're good, you're good.
	
Clare		Or you two.
	
Maclain	No, we're good.
	
Clare		It looks great, you guys.
	
Jake		Thank you.
	
Clare		Except you forgot the star.
	
Maclain	No, I couldn't find it anywhere.
	
Jake		I looked too. Very poorly but I couldn't find it.
	
Clare		Really, in the bins?
	
Maclain	No.
	
Clare		I wonder if we left up in the attic.
	
Jake		Oh, I'll go get it.
	
Clare		You sure?
	
Jake	 	Yeah.
	
Clare		Thank you, Jake.
	
Maclain	Don't be scared.
	
Jake		Hey, we're in full family mode right now. It's pretty cool.
	
Clare		I didn't see that coming.
	
Maclain	Neither did I.
	
Maclain	Did you see this coming?
	
Clare		(laughs)
	
Maclain	Mistletoe.
	
Clare		Really?
	
Maclain	Kiss me.
	
Clare		Okay, okay.
	
Jake		Let's see, babies.
	
Jake (sing)	 If I was a star on the tree I will be hiding in a bunch of this old thing We got some rope to do stuff for
	
Jake		No way.
	
Jake		Oh yeah.
	
Jake		Double no way, ooh.
	
Maclain	Now this is my favorite view of Christmas. We got the tree, the stocking. We got this view right here.
	
Clare		Not bad, huh?
	
Maclain	No, not bad at all.
	
Jake	Oh, yoohoo. So, I did not find the star, but I did find these cool family Christmas videos.
	
Clare		Yes, we should watch them.
	
Jake		And I found this.
	
Clare		Ew, no, put that away.
	
Jake		It has been away, Clare. It can not be away anymore.
	
Maclain	My gosh, Dad's old shotgun.
	
Jake		You better believe it.
	
Maclain	Where'd you find this?
	
Jake		It was upstairs under a bunch of junk in the attic. Let's go shoot sometimes.
	
Clare		No. 
	
Jake		Yes.
	
Clare		Absolutely not. We are not shooting a living thing.
	
Maclain	Oh, why? We just cut down a living thing.
	
Jake		Yeah, what's the difference?
	
Clare		That's not the same thing.
	
Jake	It is the same thing, Clare. I'm sorry to tell you this, but this is a family tradition. It's called a Christmas hunt.
	
Clare		Don't soil the name of Christmas.
	
Jake		Clare, it's a tradition. Do you hate traditions?
	
Maclain	This time he's telling the truth.
	
Clare		Really, you too? I can't believe you can even hold that thing.
	
Maclain	Come on, it's not like we ever actually shoot anything. We just sit around on a blanket, drink hot chocolate, and we chat about lots of stuff.
	
Clare		Like about feelings?
	
Jake		No, Clare. Please, it's Christmas hunt time. Now get your coats, it's time to go.
	
Clare	Okay. Fine, but the only reason I'm going is because conversing in this beautiful snow sounds really fun.
	
Jake		Fine.
	
Clare		I'll make some hot chocolate.
	
Jake		I'll go pee.
	
Maclain	I'll get the duck call.
	
Maclain	Hello?
	
Dr Murphy	"(IN A SCHWARZENEGGER ACCENT) Maclain, John McClane, Die Hard."
	
Maclain	Hello, who is this?
	
Dr. Murphy	Maclain, it's me, Doctor Murphy. Come on.
	
Maclain	Oh, hey Dr. Murphy, what are you calling about?
	
Dr. Murphy	Maclain, your brother's life may be in danger. Listen to me if you want him to live. Schwarzenegger, right?
	
Maclain	Okay, I'm gonna hang up now.
	
Dr. Murphy	(NORMAL SPEAKING) No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. See, now Maclain, now what I need not to do is hang up on me because I did a little research and it occurred to me that your brother's life legitimately may be in danger. Also, as a parallel track to that, yours may be too.
	
Maclain	What do you mean?
	
Dr Murphy	"So after our last conversation, Maclain, I did a little digging because I felt slightly a yucky inside of myself, right? So, what I discovered after digging is that maybe you shouldn't reconnect with your brother because he has a long history of...  (ATTEMPTS TO WHISTLE) I can't whistle and what I'm doing is the fingers around the temple thing that they do, you know?  What I'm getting at is he's straight up crazy, right? He really is. So he has psych history that is longer than my.  (ATTEMPTS TO WHISTLE) I can't whistle. I'm pointing downwards.  He has a history of depression."
	
Maclain	He's delusional sure but depressed? I don't think so.
	
Dr. Murphy	"Depression can often disguise itself as many different things, right? Take me for example. You know me as the life of the party. However, I will tell you that I'm often zipping on Zoloft, right? And you've never called me out on it.  It happens. He escaped from three different mental institutions and he made several suicide attempts. Most of them are drowning."
	
Maclain	How did I now know about this?
	
Dr. Murphy	Now, now, now, now, it's just me, but it occurred to me that maybe you never cared to ask.
	
Dr Murphy	Maclain?
	
Dr. Murphy	Hello?
	
Dr. Murphy	 If I was a star on the tree I will be hiding in a bunch of this old thing
	
Maclain	Yeah?
	
Dr Murphy	"Here's what I need you to do. I need you to do me a promise, okay? I need you to not feed your brother after midnight. Wait, that's something else. No, but still good advice. What I need you to do, okay? Is realize that this brother of yours, he can manipulate you into thinking things are okay and suddenly, wham."
	
Maclain	Wham what?
	
Dr Murphy	I don't know what's in your brother's brain. 'Cause the brains are complicated things. There's cerebellum and the cerebral cortex and we don't have a MapQuest to the brain yet.
	
Maclain	Okay, well great. Thanks a lot for the help.
	
Dr. Murphy	Oh, it's no bother at all. This, this, this, this is what us doctors do, you see? And I'm a therapist, I'm a hypnotherapist. See, see.
	
Dr. Murphy	You still there?
	
Woman	Virgin mojito, Dr. Murphy?
	
Dr. Murphy	Thank you. You will not be a virgin mojito for long.
	
Dr. Murphy	Not the straw, not the straw. Straw's daddy's.
	
Maclain	Probably a pretty good spot up around here.
	
Jake		We just have to find a clear spot.
	
Maclain	Well, I think we should go to the spot we use to always go.
	
Jake		Yeah.
	
Clare		You guys have to promise not to shoot any cute things.
	
Maclain	Everything we're shooting at gonna be maybe cute, right?
	
Jake		Yeah.
	
Clare		What about over here?
	
Maclain	Yeah, let's go down there.
	
Jake		I'm going down this way. 
	
Clare		We should go around this way. No, that's dangerous.
	
Jake		No, there's a path.
	
Clare		Jake, go this way.
	
Jake		There's a path right here. This is like a nice, gentle path.
	
Clare		I think we should go this way.
	
Jake		This is a path if I ever saw one
	
Clare		Jake, you're gonna fall.
	
Maclain	He's gonna do what he does.
	
Jake	I think I should get to hold the gun 'cause I'm the one wearing hunter's orange.  I'm gonna take care of it, dude.
	
Clare		Are you okay?
	
Jake		Yeah.
	
Jake		Well, I'm just saying I know how to handle guns. I'm a real man.
	
Maclain	Wow, it's really easy this way.
	
Clare		Hold on, I'm about there.
	
Jake		This way's way faster.
	
Clare		You beat us.
	
Jake		Yeah.
	
Clare		I think this looks good.
	
Jake		I'm gonna kill a thousand ducks.
	
Clare		We gotta put the blanket down.
	
Jake		Put it right here, this is the duck spot.
	
Clare		I've never done this before.
	
Clare		It's so pretty out here.
	
Maclain	Very, very pretty.
	
Clare		Very Christmasy.
	
Jake		It's straight up Christmas out here.
	
Maclain	Have to be quiet.
	
Maclain	Are you serious?
	
Jake		I have hair in my mouth.
	
Maclain	Okay.
	
Jake		There you go, there they are.
	
Maclain	There you go, Donald.
	
Jake		Shoot one of 'em.
	
Maclain	No, they're too far away.
	
Jake		I wanna do it then. Just let me take the gun.
	
Maclain	Dude, I am gonna be in charge of the gun. You be in charge of the duck call.
	
Jake		Fine.
	
Jake		Just come on, give me the gun. Give me one try.
	
Maclain	No, we haven't even, I haven't even got a full try.
	
Clare	You guys, how long do you think you could survive out here? I mean, like you were stuck.
	
Maclain	Why do we have to be all morbid?
	
Clare		It's just a question.
	
Jake		Yeah, I like it. Do I have a gun?
	
Clare		No, no gun.
	
Jake		That's about right.
	
Clare		Mm-hm.
	
Jake		Do I have a phone?
	
Clare		Yeah, you can have a phone but it's dead.
	
Maclain	Why would you give him a phone? What’s the point if it's dead?
	
Clare		Because he's been stuck out here.
	
Maclain	Why would you give him a dead phone?
	
Clare		It's just a game.
	
Maclain	Yeah. What's the point? Why does he get a phone if it's dead?
	
Jake		Maclain, play or don't.
	
Maclain	Okay, you have a dead phone. Good luck doing something with that.
	
Clare		I guess he wouldn't survive.
	
Maclain	He wouldn't, doesn't sound like he'll survive.
	
Clare		How many days?
	
Maclain	Fine, I'll play. Do I have you?
	
Clare		Yeah.
	
Jake		Do I have you?
	
Maclain	Okay, that's really weird.
	
Jake		That's not so weird. I gotta know how much food to get.
	
Maclain	Is that what you meant?
	
Jake		Yeah, that's what I meant.
	
Jake		You weirdo.
	
Maclain	You probably meant that I was dead and--
	
Jake		Is Maclain dead in this scenario?
	
Clare		No, he's not dead but you're out here alone.
	
Jake	All by yourself. Alright, well, this is will answer your question, Clare. I have all the water mother nature's provided for us.
	
Maclain	Yeah, but he needs to be melted or else--
	
Jake	It will melt. I have every pocket full of thousands of licorice. And I got a sweet rifle.
	
Maclain	Dude, dude.
	
Maclain	(yelling)
	
Maclain	Oh my gosh! No, no.
	
Jake		Oh my gosh. Why did you do that?
	
Maclain	How did I do that? You did, you grabbed the gun. This is all your fault.
	
Jake		No, it was an accident, I didn't.
	
Maclain	It's a male and a female.
	
Jake		They were probably married to each other.
	
Maclain	Let's just put 'em away.
	
Jake		Let's just bury 'em. Just cover 'em, bury 'em.
	
Maclain	Let some animal eat them.
	
Jake		And no one will know. 
	
Clare	No, no, you know what? You guys did this. You murdered these birds and now you're gonna bring 'em back to the cabin. Come on, pick 'em up.
	
Jake		I don't wanna touch these.
	
Jake		I am not eating these.
	
Clare		Oh, yes, you darn well will. We will use every part of these buffalo.
	
Clare		Now gut it.
	
Maclain	They're such a beautiful pair.
	
Jake		Can't we just go bury them in an eternal grave of snow?
	
Clare	Fine but if I hear or see that gun again, I will use it on both of you idiots. Understand? Now get rid of 'em.
	
Jake		Goodbye little duckies.
	
Jake		(speaking in foreign language)
	
Jake		For what we are about to receive.
	
Jake (sing)	Just a couple of ducks and they're flying by on a starry Christmas day. They didn't know what was happening. Then a shotgun blasted them away. Now they're sleeping forever in eternity, and ones in the other one's arms. Don't worry, ducks. You'll be alright. Now you're out of harm.
	
Jake		(Speaking) We'll burn you in the spring, my friends.
	
Clare		Why did you not tell me? I would've never let him anywhere near the gun.
	
Maclain	Well, I haven't had a chance until now. This is the first time we've been alone.
	
Clare		I knew he was a trip but suicidal?
	
Maclain	I know, I know but that's what Dr. Murphy said.
	
Clare		You said he was a quack.
	
Maclain	Yeah, but you said he was highly recommended so.
	
Clare	Do you think I've been nice enough? Do you think he's felt nurtured by me? What do we do?
	
Maclain	I think the only thing we can do is take him somewhere where he can get professional help. I was looking up some institutions earlier. We can take him in tonight.
	
Clare	On Christmas Eve? Are you kidding? No, no, what he needs right now is to feel love and supported by his family. He needs to know that we accept him for who he is. Okay, and you need to put on your boots and go out there before he jumps in the lake.
	
Clare		Hi, oh, what took you so long? You were gone forever.
	
Jake	I'm so sorry. I was doing a funeral service for the ducks. I'm fine, it's not too cold out there. I could use an extra couple blankets though if you got it.
	
Clare		Yeah, of course, of course.
	
Maclain	I'm glad you're okay, man.
	
Jake		Thanks, brother.
	
Maclain	You think any wild animals are gonna get the ducks?
	
Jake		Definitely, I left them wide open for foxes or whatever.
	
Jake		You guys are being so nice to me.
	
Clare		Well, we really care about you. I mean, I hope you know that.
	
Maclain	We really, really care.
	
Jake		Yeah, I feel it, I do.
	
Jake		Just right.
	
Clare		Good.
	
Maclain	I got plenty more of these.
	
Jake		That's okay.
	
Clare		So, why don't you tell us about one of your warps?
	
Jake		Clare, I'm not allowed to talk about that.
	
Clare		No, we're curious.
	
Maclain	Yeah, Jake, it's okay. We wanna hear about them.
	
Jake	Well, I don't know. There's a lot of 'em. I guess, there was this one time that I was at Coachello.
	
Maclain	It's Coachella. Or Co-achella. It's just depending on who's. I'm sorry, go on.
	
Jake	I wandered off one night into the desert and I lost track of my body temperature and fell asleep and bam. I woke up in the same desert but it was millions of years before. I was in the dinosaur age. Surrounded by little tiny dinosaurs and bigger ones. But the tiny ones are the mean ones and that's what scientists don't know yet.
	
Clare		So what did you do?
	
Jake	Well, I pulled out some licorice and I fed it to the tiny ones. And then the bigger ones ate the tiny ones while they were eating the licorice and I skedaddled.
	
Maclain	So, how did you warp back?
	
Jake	Well, Maclain, it was a desert so it was hot all the time. So, I did what any man could. I waited.
	
Maclain	Until what?
	
Jake	Well luckily there was an ice age in about six months, so that took care of that. It also took care of the dinosaurs.
	
Clare		Oh good.
	
Maclain	I have a question. I'm a little confused. Most scientist believe that the ice age that killed the dinosaurs took a lot longer than six months.
	
Jake		Well I didn't say THE ice age. I said.
		
Maclain	Oh well, then I mean scientifically that there was a lot of ice ages so you're right.
	
Jake		Yeah, I lived it. What do you mean? You don't believe me?
	
Maclain	No, of course, it's not that I don't believe you. I was just saying that scientifically you are spot on.
	
Jake	Thank you. And it feels really good to be validated. Lots of times people just say that I'm whack.
	
Clare		You're not whack. No, that's whack that people think you're whack.
	
Jake		Yeah. 
	
Clare		Right, Maclain?
	
Maclain	I mean, your, what you've been through is yours. And they're your experiences and no one can take that away what you have experienced.
	
Jake		Thank you. It feels really good to have my brother believe me.
	
Jake		(sighs)
	
Jake		Oh fudge, is it 7:00?
	
Clare		Why, what's the matter?
	
Jake		We have to do the nativity.
	
Maclain	Why at 7:00?
	
Jake		What, at 7:00 because that's when Jesus was born.
	
Maclain	I don't think anyone really knows when he was--
	
Jake		Maclain, I...
	
Maclain	Should we get the costumes?
	
Jake	Brother and sister, this for your delectation and delight, here is the nativity story presented to you by me as seen by me in real life as it happened in the flesh when it was going on at the beginning, my account, gospel according to Jake. It's also about an hour and a half long so buckle up.
	
Jake	Clare, I need you to play mother Mary. Maclain, I have other parts for you, but they don't come for a little while.
	
Maclain	Okay.
	
Jake		Alright.
	
Jake		Clare.
	
Jake		For I bring you great tiding of great joy.
	
Jake		Mary, I would like to marry you.
	
Jake		I'm Joseph of.
	
Jake	How did you get that because we're not married and people will want to hurt you?
	
Jake		Joseph.
	
Jake		Ah, what is it?
	
Jake		You have not been with Mary, but she is pregnant and it is immaculate.
	
Jake		And she will have a baby and he will be.
	
Jake		Take her to Bethlehem.
	
Jake		I had a dream.
	
Clare		Mm-hm?
	
Jake		And in that dream I saw an angel.
	
Jake		Will you marry me?
	
Clare		Yes. 
	
Jake		It's just for this play.
	
Clare		Yes, Joseph, of course.
	
Jake	Anyways, then they when on a journey and they needed a donkey. Maclain, can you help us be a donkey? Yeah, come on, just like that. There you go.
	
Jake		And Mary almost fell off one time.
	
Clare		Oh.
	
Jake		You guys don't know that, but Mary almost fell one time.
	
Jake		Rest here, Mary.
	
Clare		Okay.
	
Jake		And I will go find an innkeeper. Maclain.
	
Jake	And he did approach an innkeeper and he said to the innkeeper. He's said there's no room at this inn.
	
Maclain	There's no room at this end, but--
	
Jake	Here, you can sit down. Mary, did you know? What? That one day your baby will be born in a stable. And then the shepherds were out in the field. They did have a a shepherd.
	
Jake		Sh, sheep. One night the angels or the shepherds were sleeping in their fields.
	
Jake		Shh.
	
Jake	They woke up to a mighty angel. The same one that had come to Mary. Shepherds, why are you lowing?
	
Maclain	Because we--
	
Jake		You're just one of the sheep.
	
Maclain	Behold.
	
Jake	You don't say behold. Don't you guys see the star? And the shepherds looked up at the star. Shh, shh, shh. And they saw it and they said, we see that star and the angel said, go to it for unto to us this night is born this Savior, a city of Dagul. Meanwhile, back at the manger, she was having her baby.  (Whispering) Down, it's over there. It's right down there. And then pick it up and put it on your lap and then pretend like you love it.
	
Clare		Oh, I love this baby.
	
Jake	(Whispering) Yeah, don't tell me, just show me. And... The star was born. And Joseph said to Mary, you did good. The shepherds brought him gift for the wisemens came and this is gold. Don't put it on his stomach. It will crush him. And they brought him this frankincense.
	
Clare		Oh.
	
Jake	Brought the gifts. And they brought him this expensive blanket all the way from orient. Don't cover his face or he will suffocate.
	
Jake		Amen.
	
Jake	That's the real story. That's really how it happened. Most of it was word for word. I messed up on a couple parts but. And these pants have this thing on there that I did not do.
	
Clare		Yeah, I know.
	
Jake	And it's all sticky. Like someone wiped a cinnamon roll on it or something after they were eating with it.
	
Maclain	Hey Jake, wait. You forgot these.
	
Jake		Oh, thanks.
	
Maclain	Here you go, buddy.
	
Jake		Thanks, buddy.
	
Maclain	Hey, that was a really good show.
	
Jake		Oh, that ole thing? I'm been doing that for years.
	
Maclain	Well, it's really a tearjerker.
	
Jake		I can't wait till you guys have kids so I don't have to do it all by myself.
	
Jake		You don't want kids?
	
Maclain	Oh, no, of course we want kids. We just, we can't. At least not on our own.
	
Jake		Well, that can't be right.
	
Maclain	Yeah, it's really sad. I don't really know how to tell people. Things have been really hard between Clare and I. Maybe you should know.
	
Maclain	It's weird at first sight. I kinda resented her 'cause we thought it was 'cause of her. Then recently, they think it might be me.
	
Jake		Yeah, sure, tell me this after I make her baby Jesus' mom.
	
Maclain	No, that was fine. It's just in the future though definitely be careful about mentioning kids or babies. It's just I don't wanna upset her, you know? And it's hard enough as it is.
	
Jake		Well, I feel like I should tell you this.
	
Clare		Hey babe.
	
Maclain	Yeah? 
	
Clare		You coming to bed?
	
Maclain	Yeah, I'll be right there, babe.
	
Maclain	I should go.
	
Jake		Yeah, sure, sure, sure, sure.
	
Maclain	Merry Christmas, baby brother.
	
Jake		Merry Christmas, B squared.
	
Maclain	Baby, babe.
	
Clare		Hm?
	
Maclain	Wake up.
	
Maclain	Hey.
	
Maclain	No nightmares.
	
Clare		Really?
	
Maclain	Yeah.
	
Clare		Aw babe.
	
Clare		Okay, but your breath is kinda like a nightmare. (laughs)
	
Maclain	Merry Christmas to you, too.
	
Clare		(gasps) It's Christmas.
	
Maclain	It's Christmas.
	
Clare		Yes, finally. Let's go wake up Jake.
	
Maclain	Okay, wait, wait, wait for me. Oh my gosh.
	
Clare		Jake! Can you wait? It's Christmas!
	
Maclain	Ho ho ho.
	
Clare		Merry Christmas!
	
Clare		Tickle, Christmas. Wake up, wake up.
	
Maclain	Christmas tickles. Santa came!
	
Clare 		Santa came!
	
Jake		It's Christmas. Santa came.
	
Maclain	You're gonna like this one. I think you're really gonna like this one.
	
Jake		It's a puzzle.
	
Maclain	This is like one of the most famous German castles.
	
Jake		I know, I was there when it was built.
	
Clare		It's my favorite.
	
Maclain	Peppermint bark, I'm not sharing.
	
Maclain	Your jammies are getting a little tattered.
	
Jake		So are these jammies? Why did you do that?
	
Clare		No, don't tell him.
	
Maclain	No, I didn't, no.
	
Maclain	Just open it.
	
Jake		Sleep tight.
	
Jake		Oh my gosh.
	
Clare		Try it on, try it on.
	
Maclain	It looks great. Okay. Try it on, try it on.
	
Clare		Oh, very cute, I love it.
	
Jake		The reindeer look really realistic.
	
Clare		Aw, slippers.
		
Jake		Now your feet won't get cold.
	
Clare		I gotta try 'em on. They're very Christmasy.
	
Clare		Do you like 'em?
	
Maclain	Yes, I love 'em.
	
Clare		Hold on, don't peek.
	
Jake		Sorry.
	
Jake		For me?
	
Maclain	Yeah.
	
Jake		Should I put it on?
	
Maclain	Now you don't have to use mine.
	
Clare		Let me smell.
	
Clare		Oh better, much better.
	
Jake		Thanks.
	
Jake		Thanks you guys, cool.
	
Clare		Okay, you two sit right here.
	
Maclain	Okay.
	
Clare		You're peeking. Close your eyes!
	
Maclain	Okay.
	
Clare		I said close 'em.
	
Clare		You're twins. Brother sweaters.
	
Jake		We're Irish twins.
	
Clare		What do you think?
	
Maclain	Very well, my good friend.
	
Jake		I like these.
	
Clare		Do they fit okay?
	
Maclain	Mine fits... Oh. You’re being kinda rough.
	
Jake		I'm just gonna leave mine unbuttoned probably.
	
Clare		Yeah, well, you have a lot of layers.
	
Maclain	Thanks babe.
	
Clare		This is the best Christmas yet.
	
Clare		Aw, a scarf.
	
Clare		Cheers.
	
Jake		Cheers.
	
Clare		Merry Christmas.
	
Jake		Merry Christmas.
	
Clare		You sit right there.
	
Clare		Oh, an ornament.
	
Jake		You made that when you were a baby?
	
Clare		Yeah.
	
Clare		Whoa.
	
Clare		This was from my mom. She sent it from Chicago.
	
Clare		Oh, look.
	
Maclain	Clear it up.
	
Clare		I think that's...
	
Maclain	Is that everything?
	
Clare		I think that's about it.
	
Maclain	Oh wait,
	
Jake		It's everything.
	
Maclain	What's this behind the sled over here?
	
Clare		What?
	
Maclain	Oh, there's one more Clare.
	
Clare		I didn't see that one.
	
Maclain	And it says for me or Clare.
	
Clare		Yeah, I think it might be mine.
	
Maclain	Wait a minute.
	
Maclain	For Mr. Jake.
	
Jake		Oh. This is for me?
	
Maclain	Yeah.
	
Jake		I already got lots of presents.
	
Clare		Well. You deserve more.
	
Clare		What could it be?
	
Jake		Cool.
	
Maclain	What do you think?
	
Jake		I love it, you guys. Thank you so much.
	
Clare		You're welcome.
	
Maclain	We thought you'd need a new one.
	
Jake		I did, my old one was super tattered.
	
Clare		I think it's been a pretty awesome Christmas.
	
Jake		Well I have one for you guys.
	
Jake		Hold on.
	
Clare		What?
	
Jake		Yeah, here, you sit there.
	
Clare		Okay.
	
Jake		And you sit there.
	
Clare		You know you didn't have to get us anything.
	
Jake		I know, but I wanted to.
	
Maclain	Oh, that's where all the toilet paper went.
	
Clare		It's beautiful. Oh yeah.
	
Jake	We're out by the way. It's for both of you, but I think maybe Clare should open it.
	
Clare		Okay.
	
Clare		You know just you being here is enough.
	
Jake		I know, I know. Just open the present.
	
Clare		Okay.
	
Clare		It's in here somewhere.
	
Maclain	I see it.
	
Clare		Oh, here we go. There's something.
	
Maclain	Oh.
		
Clare		What is it?
	
Jake	You guys, I know Maclain said that you probably can't have kids 'cause his little guys don't swim straight or whatever, but those doctors are idiots. You have a baby girl and she's so sweet. You name her Lucy.
	
Clare		Excuse me.
	
Jake		No, no Clare. She's healthy and you're healthy.
	
Maclain	What do you think you're doing?
	
Jake		Well, I'm just telling--
	
Maclain	What are you doing?
	
Jake		Maclain, I'm telling you.
	
Maclain	What are you telling me?
	
Jake		What are you--
	
Maclain	I told you specifically not to talk about that.
	
Jake		Maclain, I just, you have a baby and she's happy and healthy.
	
Maclain	We can't have a baby, okay? I told you that.
	
Jake	I know, but I'm telling you that's wrong. You do have a baby, and you don't have it through adoption. You have it the old fashioned way.
	
Maclain	You don't know that. You haven't seen it.
	
Jake		Yes, I have.
	
Maclain	You can not time travel.
	
Jake		You said you believed me.
	
Maclain	I don't believe you. How can I believe you? Everything you say is a lie.
	
Jake		That's not true. You're my brother.
	
Maclain	Okay, you think you can time travel?
	
Jake		Yeah.
	
Maclain	Why didn't you go back and save mom and dad, huh? Why did you let that happen? Why didn't you save 'em?
	
Jake		You can't change the past.
	
Maclain	Okay, yeah.
	
Jake		You can only observe it.
	
Maclain	It's really convenient. You just make up a rule about how it works. Okay, but it doesn't work 'cause you can't do it.
	
Jake		Yes, I can.
	
Maclain	You need to stop telling yourself that, okay? 'Cause it only hurts us.
	
Maclain	I gotta go in there now and deal with this. So you need to pack up your crap and when I get out here, I am taking you somewhere  where you can get help because I can't help you.
	
Maclain	I can't help you.
	
Jake		I, I'm...
	
Mrs. Bernard	Are you okay?
	
Child		(laughing)
	
Mrs. Bernard	Just let your brother pull you for a little bit.
	
Maclain	I'm so sorry. I specifically told him not to talk about that, but doesn't matter, he's packing his things. I'm gonna take him somewhere. He's not gonna bother us.
	
Mrs. Bernard	Is that fun?
	
Child		(child chattering)
	
Mrs. Bernard	What?
	
Maclain	What are you doing?
	
Mrs. Bernard	Should we do it again?
	
Clare		You gotta just stop protecting me.
	
Maclain	I'm your husband. I'm suppose to do that.
	
Clare	You think by protecting me it doesn't hurt as much, but actually you're making it worse. I know that you hide the baby magazines, and I know that you tell my friends and my mom to not mention anything that could possibly remind me of our situation. But I need to deal with this. Let me deal with this. He has been nothing but sweet to you. He adores you. And you just tell him he's crazy. You think that's helping? You just... Be his brother.
	
Mrs. Bernard	You okay? I think he needs another hug. Can you come give him a hug?
	
Jake		Goodbye snow. Goodbye beautiful trees. Goodbye duck blood.
	
Jake		Goodbye Maclain.
		
Maclain	Hey Jake.
	
Maclain	Jake?
	
Maclain	Jake?
	
Maclain	Jake, did you go up in the attic?
	
Maclain	Jake!
	
Maclain	Jake!
	
Maclain	Jake!
	
Maclain	Jake!
	
Maclain	Jake, stop if you can...
	
Maclain	Jake, where did you go?
	
Maclain	Jake!
	
Maclain	Come on, man. I wanna talk.
	
Child in Video	Mommy.
	
Mrs. Bernard	Are you okay? Okay, we got down together.
	
Mrs. Bernard	You guys, we're gonna get you.
	
Mrs. Bernard	(laughs)
	
Maclain	Jake!
	
Maclain	Jake! Jake, wait up.
	
Jake		What?
	
Maclain	Wait up, Jake.
	
Jake		Maclain. Wait up with you.
	
Maclain	Please, don't go.
	
Maclain	Jake.
	
Maclain	Jake, please, please. Don't go. Come home, please.
	
Jake		I don't think that's a good idea. You said a lot of mean stuff to me.
	
Maclain	I know, I was a real jerk. But you're my brother and I need you in my life.
	
Jake		Well, I can't be in your life if you don't believe me.
	
Maclain	I believe you, Jake.
	
Maclain	I lost you once, I don't wanna lose you again.
	
Jake		Well, that's good 'cause I didn't really wanna go anywhere anyway.
	
Maclain	Come here.
	
Maclain	Jake, Jake!
	
Maclain	Jake!
	
Jake		It's cold.
	
Maclain	Hold on to me, I got you.
	
Jake		No, it can't hold us.
	
Jake		Mac, you gotta go.
	
Maclain	No, Jake.
	
Maclain	I'm not gonna let go of you.
	
Jake		You have to, you have to go.
	
Maclain	I'm not letting go of you. I need you. I'm not gonna let you go. I can't.
	
Jake		Mac, you can't come with, okay?
	
Jake		You gotta go.
	
Maclain	I'm not, please.
	
Jake		You said you believed me.
	
Maclain	I do.
	
Jake		Then prove it.
	
Maclain	No, Jake! Somebody help!
	
Maclain	I brought you fresh set of clothes if you're ever back this way. And merry Christmas. It's some licorice in case you get hungry. Oh boy.
	
Maclain	I don't know where you are, brother, or when you are but if you're ever back		this way, I hope you stop by.
	
Maclain	Anyway, I love ya. And you were right. She's beautiful.
	
Maclain	Merry Christmas, bud.
	
Maclain	What do you think? Does it fit? You like it?
	
Clare		Hold it up a little bit. Just a little. Ah, there they are.
	
Maclain	Okay, very funny. And thank you.
	
Clare		Glad you liked it.
	
Maclain	Merry Christmas.
	
Clare		Merry Christmas.
	
Maclain	Uh-oh, uh-oh, somebody's awake. Who's awake? Who's awake?
	
Mrs. Bernard	No, you can't just get this wet.
	
Maclain	Here comes the Lucy. Hi little cute cute. Hi little cute cute. Go see Momma.
	
Clare		Hi, did you have a good nap? Oh, I love you so much. Did you have a fun nap?
	
Maclain	Love you little muffin. I'll go get a bottle.
	
Clare		I love you so much. Merry Christmas, babe.
	
Mrs. Bernard	Alright, hey babe, can you maybe get a little bit less water in there for me?
	
Mrs. Bernard	Thank you. Okay, oh wow, that's so nice. Good job.
	
Jake		Do you know what year it is?
	
