TITLE CARD DISCLAIMER	The people, characters, companies and clubs in this Series are purely fictional. Any resemblance to any person, company, club or situation is coincidental.

Voice Over	Previously on Agent.	

TITLE CARD	Previously on Agent

Christopher	Shouldn't you be in Mauritius, keeping a hawk's eye on them?

Blaze	What?

Lesego	I like to cut to the chase.

Meshnie	Columbia 1 Côte d'Ivoire 0.

Nina	Are you his date?

Natalie	Last I checked.

Nina	Oh.

Blaze	You’ve met Lesego, right?

Lesego	Oh yeah she has bra. Even before you met her.

Natalie	Very much in passing.

Lesego	Oh but not the second time.

Natalie	Are you sure about that?

Blaze	I know about the coke.

Herve	Are you angry at me?

Nina	If you want to be single, go be single.

Natalie	It's that taste that you get in the back of your throat…

Natalie	…it's that smell of sulphur, it, it just makes you wanna gag, it just, it makes you want to stop breathing, it just....

TITLE CARD	The Corridor of Uncertainty

TITLE CARD	Late March, Sunday Morning, 7:11am’

Natalie	You know they have a floating golf course here?

Blaze	What do you mean floating?

Natalie	Like on a pond.

Blaze	On a pond?

Natalie	Mmm.

Blaze	Ye, see now, my golf ball goes into the water, do the caddies have scuba diving tanks to retrieve it?

Natalie	It turns into fish food. It's totally eco-friendly.

Blaze	You serious?

Natalie	I’m serious.

Blaze	No shit.

Blaze	Sorry.

Natalie	What a place.

Blaze	Miss G, it's a Sunday morning. Don't you have a life?

Godi	This is your life not my life.

Blaze	In that case, how can I help you?

Godi	Poseidon have finally sent Mila's contract.

Godi	Now of course they want sign-off by tomorrow.

Blaze	Ah, these production companies, they work on their own rules.

Blaze	When was it when they sent the contract again?

Godi	About 11 o'clock on a Saturday night.

Blaze	And yet they expect you to give them an answer and have it signed off by Monday morning?

Godi	I think it’s a negotiating tactic.

Godi	They're offering like a, a call rate as opposed to monthly or global fee.

Blaze	Are you happy with the deal?

Godi	Yeah only her role is bigger than the contract gives her credit for.

Blaze	Then push for more money. I mean they're producers.

Godi	Hey... are you wanting me to negotiate this thing?

Blaze	Yeah and just keep me updated.

Godi	Ok.

Blaze	Alright, thanks.

Godi	Yoh!

Christopher	Sounds like this uh, Mila character is getting ripped off.

Christopher	So tell me about this girl. 

Christopher	Is she the next Scarlett?

Godi	I think she's the next South African Theresa Russell.

Christopher	High praise indeed coming from you Godi…

Christopher	Only thing is, I didn't realize the company had become so versatile.

Christopher	Now, I don't do monogrammed hankies.

Christopher	But if I did, I'd do the letters MFS.

Christopher	You wanna know what that means?

Christopher	Majority fucking stakeholder.

Christopher	If we represented actresses there'd be a folder on my desktop because you'd make sure of it, because nothing gets passed you, right?

Godi	Yeah.

Christopher	But there isn't.

Christopher	Do you wanna know why?

Christopher	Because we don't represent actors. 

Christopher	So the question is…

Christopher	How long?

Godi	About six weeks.

Godi	But to be fair... I've been doing all the work…

Christopher	Thanks.

Godi	Ugh, shit.

Lesego	Are you gonna tell me what's bothering you?

Lesego	Okay... and if I wanted a blow-up doll on this trip, I would have just shopped on Amazon. 

Lesego	Would’ve worked out cheaper.

Lesego	I mean, this place is made for, for sex. What else is it for?

Nina	We weren't having sex?

Lesego	No, we were not having sex, I don't know, whatever that was.

Nina	You take me for granted.

Lesego	No, no, it's not that.

Nina	I'm worth something, Lesego.

Nina	If I was back home now they would be lining up! Around the block!

Lesego	Where the hell am I Nina, huh?

Lesego	I mean, whose bed am I in?

Nina	You're not here. You're with all those models, those girls, married women. 

Nina	I know, Lesego, okay?

Nina	That night we went out with Herve? That stupid slut.

Lesego	Hey... it's like you just kinda remember only the stuff that you wanna remember.	

Nina	What you talking about?

Lesego	When we hooked up right in the beginning, huh, huh, what did I tell you?

Lesego	Didn't I tell you I don't want nothing serious? Yes or no?

Nina	You also said I was the one after that, many times.

Nina	You can't have it both ways. Or you go back to one of your aficionadas.

Lesego	What do you want from me? Huh?

Lesego	Oh you want a ring? Is that... uh ho wait, you want a baby?

Lesego	Or you want like uh, a chateau in the South of France? Huh?

Nina	I want you to be a man of your word....

Nina	... if you get to play, then so do I.

Patrice	Imagine we're in a historical environment.

Patrice	But behind this, there are emotions, secrets... 

Patrice	... stories, rich and complicated.

Patrice	Here, there is nothing artificial.

Lesego	Bra, what's he saying?

Assistant	He's just saying please pay attention, that's all.

Patrice	This one is going to be a real shit-stirrer.

Assistant	Moleko... we all need you, stand still, concentrate.

Patrice	Okay five minute, pause.

Assistant	Okay everybody take five minutes please.

Lesego	Abidjan... what do you think of the…

Lesego	... on that one.

Herve	No bro, I can only think of one woman now.

Lesego	Who, Meshnie?

Herve	Yes.

Lesego	Dude, you never going to see her again after tonight.

Herve	No... but she want to be with me.

Lesego	How do you know, have you asked her?

Herve	No, but she will.

Lesego	And if she doesn't?

Herve	Ah come on dude, I, I love her.

Lesego	Herve, that's not love son. Don't let the juice and the honey between their legs mess with your head.

Lesego	That's what she wants you to think.

Lesego	At your age you oughtta be playing the field, boy.

Herve	What you talking about? Never bro.

Lesego	Huh! Oh like that, like that.

Lesego	Again, again. Boom! What you think?

Lesego	Oh here's my better side, yeah? Yo, Pah! Boom! 

Lesego	Oh wait I have an idea. What, what if... like I’m running across the sand like a... 	

Lesego	Like a Zulu warrior, hunting a wild pig. Huh?

Lesego	Haah! Haah! Haah! 

Lesego	Huh, what do you think? Huh

Patrice	Is he telling me how to do my job? 

Assistant	Mister Moleko, no suggestion, no questions. We need that shot.

Lesego	Well I'm just trying to make it interesting for you guys, you know.

Patrice	I said no to Pirelli for this fool.

Lesego	Okay what's he saying now?

Assistant	Why can't you take direction like everyone else?

Lesego	Haai fine! No... I, I can. Fine, let's just... Ja.

Blaze	Les, Les, a word please.

Lesego	Can you believe this shit?

Lesego	Who the fuck does he think he is?

Blaze	What are you doing?

Lesego	What... what am I doing?

Blaze	Yeah.

Lesego	No what are you doing

Blaze	I'm saving your ass, as usual.

Lesego	No, no, I don't need your saving...

Lesego	I think you need saving.

Blaze	Look, please Les, for once, just be professional.

Lesego	The guy's a prick.

Blaze	That guy is the best in the game and we're lucky to have him.

Lesego	What's so special?

Blaze	Be cool, okay? 

Blaze	Go back there, play nice, give him a shot, we move on, alright?

Blaze	You didn't have any queries when I sent you the brief a couple of weeks ago.

Lesego	But I asked you a question.

Blaze	What?

Lesego	What are you doing?

Lesego	This so called "girlfriend" of yours... I don’t see her here. But what I am seeing is my girlfriend all over you.

Blaze	Don't look for something that's not there, okay.

Lesego	I don't know B, because, you know, just from where I'm standing, it's not looking good, man.

Blaze	If you got a problem with Nina, take it up with her, this has nothing to do with me.	

Lesego	But it's not like you were backing off, right? You were just…

Lesego	Are you fucking Nina? 

Lesego	Are you fucking Nina? 

Lesego	Answer me.

Blaze	Are we seriously having this conversation right now?

Lesego	Are you fucking Nina?

Jade	Blaze…

Jade	Blaze.

Blaze	Yeah.

Jade	I need to talk to you.

Jade	Like right now, please.

Lesego	Alright let's get this motherfucking shot!

Blaze	What... what was so urgent?

Jade	I just came up with whatever.

Blaze	Couldn't you see I was in the middle of something back there!

Jade	Which is why I intervened.

Jade	Blaze, if it were not for me you'd be in a fist fight with Lesego.

Blaze	I had it under control Jade.

Jade	You didn't see what I saw.

Jade	Are you gonna tell me what the fuck is going on between you two?

Jade	As far as business relationships go, this is a little bit unconventional don't you think?	

Blaze	Lesego forgets that he's just a client. And sometimes acts like a brother, a jealous brother, especially when I get

Jade	When you what?

Blaze	Never mind.

Jade	When you what, Blaze?

Patrice	Okay, everyone. 

Patrice	Despite a few issues that we've had... 

Patrice	... we managed to shoot these photos.

Patrice	It’s a wrap.

Lesego	Hey yo, Mrs. Blaze…

Lesego	How are we, Madam?

Natalie	It’s Natalie.

Lesego	I was hoping you'd show up at some point?

Natalie	Why’s that?

Lesego	So you can tell your boyfriend to keep his hands off of my girlfriend.

Natalie	Somehow I think that has more to do with Nina than Slindile.

Lesego	Slindile? Oh that's cute. I've seen some shit you have no idea about.

Lesego	Things you haven't seen.

Natalie	Oh I think I've seen some things. Things that would make your skin crawl.

Natalie	None of this put upon bravado you seem to think works for you.

Lesego	Ah hah, please, the bitches dig this.

Lesego	So why you busting my balls anyway? Is it because you're a cop?

Natalie	No it's because you're an arsehole.

Lesego	I cannot believe you are a detective.

Natalie	Why is that so hard to believe? A psychological profiler.

Natalie	And I'm starting to get a very clear sense of the kind of person that you are.

Lesego	Oh yeah.

Natalie	Definitely a potential risk.

Natalie	I see guys like you all the time, ladies' men that end up being nothing but sociopaths and rapists in expensive clothing.

Blaze	Hey. Did I miss anything?

Natalie	I was just uh telling Dmitri here what I do for a living. He was curious.

Blaze	Well, if Lesego worried less about what other people do and more on what his girlfriend did, we'd all be better off, now wouldn't we?

Lesego	Who? Who? What's Dmitri? Who's Dmitri?

Lesego	That's why I pay you, brother. To wipe up my shit.

Natalie	What did he say?

Blaze	He needs the toilet. He's full of shit.

Blaze	So, how was Port Louis?

Natalie	I actually ended up not going.

Natalie	Ja I hung about here at Sugar Beach resort... and I like their cocktails.

Natalie	Took in all of their seven passions.

Blaze	What exactly did Lesego say?

Natalie	Nothing that mattered. 

Natalie	Look I understand he's your client, but all that I see is a spiteful, hateful man who revels in creating hell for the people who actually give a shit about him.

Natalie	Okay this is just what I see... but I see this all the time…

Blaze	Is this about your book, you know the one that mimics my life?

Natalie	Maybe.

Blaze	When two people go way back they just got a way of pushing each other's buttons…

Blaze	... and Lesego seems to think I'm into, I’m into Nina, which I, I'm not.

Natalie	I know he tried to make that claim earlier and I told him that I didn't believe it.

Blaze	Then damn him, why does he have to drag other people into his mess?

Natalie	So I'm right then. Grushenka and Dmitri.

Blaze	Grushenka and Dmitri?

Natalie	Yeah.

Blaze	I guess so.

Lesego	Fuck Nina! Bitch you gonna take my eyes out!

Lesego	What the fuck? What the fuck's wrong with you? Bitch!

Lesego	What the fuck? Jesus. You gonna take my eye out.

Nina	That's right. You need two eyes.

Nina	One for each pair of ass that walks past.

Lesego	Ah and it's okay for you to be all over fucking Blaze huh?

Nina	We're just friends.

Lesego	Friends who fuck?

Nina	Just friends!

Lesego	I'm sorry babe, I shouldn’t have said that. It was uh...

Lesego	I mean, look this is all stupid. I mean, there isn't a flight until tomorrow honey.

Nina	There must be another room in this God damn paradise.

Lesego	No, you fucking crazy. The sponsors have booked out the whole place.

Lesego	You'll have to go to another resort.

Nina	Fine.

Lesego	Okay fine. But then who's going to pay for that? Huh?

Lesego	Do you know how expensive it is for one night in Mauritius?

Nina	Well I don't give a fuck how much it costs. You hear me?

Nina	I don't give a fuck, as long as it's far from you.

Nina	Far from you! 

Nina	The YMCA if I have to!

Lesego	I think you mean the YWCA.

Lesego	Okay, listen, wait, take this, huh, all of it. Yeah take that.

Nina	I have my own credit cards.

Lesego	Okay. Fuck, go for it. But leave my keys.

Nina	Why would I need the keys to your stupid fucking room?

Lesego	No I mean the keys to my BMW and the keys to my fucking house.

Lesego	And you leave both of those suitcases with every belt and shoes and fucking Chanel and Dolce and Gabbana, everything that I fucking bought you. That I'm still paying for.

Nina	This is mine.

Lesego	Goodbye and good riddance. GO!

Nina	Take a look at this now, you paid for that, I paid for that, okay?

Lesego	Your mother! Get out!

Nina	And you can go fuck off, you can go fuck off!

Nina	You fucking bastard! 

Nina	Come on, take your suitcases full of shit!

Lesego 	Get out!

Lesego	My money.

Natalie	He seemed genuinely... surprised when I told him I was a police officer.

Natalie	Why do you think that is?

Blaze	Who?

Natalie	Lesego.

Blaze	Look Lesego thinks women are second rate citizens, you know.

Blaze	Christopher?

Christopher	No. My name’s David. I'm an up-and-coming actor.

Christopher	I heard you represent talent in the performing arts.

Blaze	Look Chris, we spoke about this, you know.

Blaze	Times are rough and I can't turn down work?

Christopher	Work you don't even care about according to Godi.

Christopher	We aren't in the diversifying business, yeah.

Christopher	Why don't we start representing D-D-D-DJs? And magicians? Web designers while we're at it?	

Christopher	And let's say you're right. Let's say this is a good idea.

Christopher	You should have come to me first.

Blaze	This actress... she's a family friend, alright, so this is a favour, more of a family favour.  	

Blaze	Old friends of my mother’s, the Diors.

Blaze	You remember that Victor Schmeltz issue we had and you said I should get a reiki master?

Blaze	Well I did, I took it serious, and it, it, it worked.

Blaze	I mean we even signed Pascal because of that and we have her to thank for it.

Blaze	Hello?

Christopher	Cut the cord on this one, Blaze. Help her another way mate, but we're not repping.

Christopher	There's no money in it bruv unless she’s Cara Delevingne.

Blaze	Okay.

Jean-Pierre	What’s happening? What’s happening?

Jean-Pierre	What’s wrong?

Nina	I changed rooms and I have things in the cupboard.

Nina	He’s not gonna give me anything.

Jean-Pierre	Okay, it’s okay.

Jean-Pierre	The lady does not what your room.

Jean-Pierre	Are you okay?

Jean-Pierre	Are you okay?

Jean-Pierre	Are you okay?

Nina	You know...

Nina	I’m not in my normal state.

Jean-Pierre	No, no don’t worry.

Jean-Pierre	Could I, maybe, presume that this extravagant reaction is not only due to the room’s state?

Nina	You must be thinking I’m a diva?

Jean-Pierre	No, no. Not at all.

Jean-Pierre	I think... you’re a woman...

Jean-Pierre	... who knows what she wants and most of all, what she deserves.

Nina	You know, in fact, I’m a...

Nina	It might be hard to believe but...

Nina	... I’m a simple person.

Nina	It’s just that I want to--

Jean-Pierre	Count for someone?

Nina	You understand?

Jean-Pierre	Yeah.

Jean-Pierre	I also understand that there is a lot of pain and...

Jean-Pierre	... not really a necessary pain.

Nina	It’s funny, I thought you were...

Jean-Pierre	Yeah, I...

Jean-Pierre	I am. I am Yasbek the asshole, Yasbek the motherfucker.

Jean-Pierre	But that’s for business. That’s what I show in the world of football. 

Jean-Pierre	But that’s not me.

Nina	In fact, you’re a little kitty cat inside.

Jean-Pierre	I’m more of a tiger.

Jean-Pierre	But if you don’t attack a tiger...

Jean-Pierre	... it doesn’t take out its claws.

Jean-Pierre	I propose this to you, without second thoughts...

Jean-Pierre	... actually, I’m in the penthouse.

Jean-Pierre	I have too much space. I’m alone. 

Jean-Pierre	If you...  if you want to come...

Nina	You’re... you’re in the penthouse?

Jean-Pierre	Yes.

Partygoer	Hey, how you doing?

Partygoer	Hello. Coma ca va?

Blaze	But seriously though, I mean, I wouldn’t want to be your partner, that’s for sure.

Blaze	I thought I was OCD, but when it comes to you, mine is like a mild case of dyslexia.

Natalie	That was a low blow.

Blaze	Mmm.

Blaze	But things have changed with Lesego... for a long time.

Blaze	And I know he’s weak. He’s weak for money, women, and other things.

Blaze	And then there’s his ego.

Blaze	But remember, I wouldn’t be here if it wasn’t for that idiot, so, I owe him a debt.	

Natalie	Yes but every debt you eventually pay off, right?

Meshnie	It makes no sense.

Herve	Well I mean, I guess. Things never happen the way you want.

Meshnie	But sometimes they do. Okay wait, there's something I have to tell you.

Herve	What?

Meshnie	It's going to sound crazy. 

Meshnie	Um, so you know I've done many shoots in my life.

Herve	Hmm.

Meshnie	And um, I guess this one's different.

Herve	How?

Meshnie	Oh, you’re going to make me say it, aren't you?

Herve	Yes, say it.

Meshnie	All because of you.

Herve	Oh.

Meshnie	Yeah... I... 

Meshnie	I think you're really special... and…

Meshnie	I think you have a bright future ahead of you.

Meshnie	And... I'd like to be a part of it.

Herve	Wow.

Meshnie	What, is it that hard to believe?

Herve	I think I'm in love with you.

Herve	Where do we go?

Meshnie	To your room?

Herve	Okay.

Blaze	I seem to be drawing this island…

Blaze	Excuse me.

Lesego	Have you told Chris about your little friend?

Lesego 	How would he feel knowing you busy humping a police officer?

Blaze	How is that any of your business?

Lesego	You know very well. You know! Oh, that's why you haven't told him.

Lesego	Maybe I'll just give him a call. 

Blaze	Yeah.

Lesego	Yeah.

Blaze	And you going to hang this over my head like you do everything else?

Natalie	Is everything okay here?

Lesego	Everything's okay sweet thing.

Lesego	Oh…okay I see.

Lesego	Are you pussy whipped? Is it that good that you want to get married?

Lesego	Wake up, and don’t get blinded by pussy, you’re better off wanking.

Blaze	Ja. 

Blaze	So I must be like you and Nina? Because everyone knows who wears the pants between the two of you.

Lesego	It's over. 

Lesego	I said bitch, it's over B, I ended it.

Lesego	... she’s gone. 

Lesego	You see me…

Lesego	I might have a 99 problems, but a bitch ain't one of them.

Lesego	There are many things that could bring me down, but never a woman, I will remain... number one.

Blaze	Listen Jay Z... she knows nothing about us. Okay?

Lesego	Are we good?

Blaze	Sure.

Lesego	Are we good?

Blaze	Sure.

Lesego	Okay, right. Okay right, okay right, okay right.

Lesego	Let’s think about this, what do you think... 

Lesego	Do you think it’s wise to get involved with a cop? 

Lesego	I’m just asking… think about it…

Lesego	Have you told Chris? 

Lesego	Have you told Chris? Okay sharp.

Lesego	Enjoy yourself blood.

Natalie	What were you talking about?

Blaze	I confronted him about his behaviour earlier.

Blaze	I told him it was inappropriate.

Natalie	And what was he saying?

Blaze	Typical Lesego. He won't take responsibility.

Natalie	I thought it was something else entirely different.

Blaze	I think it's time for me to have a real drink.

Natalie	And what about your 'no drinking' rule?

Blaze	It’s just one drink.

Natalie	Slindile, if you wanna drink, by all means, knock yourself out, but before you do, ask yourself why?

Natalie	Is it because of that guy? 

Natalie	I'm at the station tomorrow. No drinking for me.

Blaze	We're in Mauritius, together, right?

Natalie	Yes.

Blaze	We've earned it.

Natalie	And I want you to enjoy it, if that's what you want.

Jade	Let's go outside. You need some fresh air.

Jade	Blaze, what's going on?

Blaze	Relax, huh. It's a party. We're allowed to have fun.

Jade	Yeah but the delegates are watching.

Blaze	Well fuck them. If they don’t want us to drink they shouldn't have bought all these booze huh?	

Jade	And how about Lesego and Herve? You're the agent, you have to set the example.

Blaze	You know what I think?

Blaze	I think you should mind your own fucking business.

Jade	So I'm on the ball when it suits you and when it doesn't…

Blaze	You get used to it, yeah. What you think? It's a fucking story, huh? A fucking headline Jade.	

Blaze	It's not journalism. It's not the news.

Blaze	Its real life and I keep on telling you that. I got this shit under control.

Blaze	Yeah? Yeah. Get fucking used to that shit.

Lesego	Natalie, Natalie, Natalie.

Lesego	I don't know…

Lesego	... one of the guys in the team, I can't mention any names, he met his girlfriend on Tinder.

Lesego	Now they're getting engaged.

Lesego	You see what's funny is that everything about her is exactly the opposite of what he is.

Lesego	I mean... but for some reason, they matched and now they're in love.

Lesego	It's just considering everything, you know, it's... well, it's like you and Blaze I guess.	

Lesego	It's just that, all of what he is, is, hooking up with a cop... I mean a cop should be the last person on earth that he could hook up with.  

Lesego	Let alone a detective.

Lesego	You want to find out more, come with me.

Natalie	What is it that you want to talk about?

Lesego	My man Blaze.

Natalie	Why would a cop be the last person he should be with?

Lesego	Uh-huh, you'll figure it out. You're a smart girl.

Blaze	Hey, what’s up? Hey.

Natalie	Do you enjoy wreaking havoc wherever you, wherever you go?

Lesego	Hahahaha.

Lesego	You still want me, don't you?

Natalie	Uh uh, I never did.

Lesego	Yeah but why would you call me the day after you met Blaze?

Lesego	Huh?

Natalie	All you need to know is that it had nothing to do with you.

Lesego	Okay sweet thing. 

Natalie	Ag.

Lesego	Is that what you call a defence?

Natalie	Jesus.

Blaze	You son-of-a-fucking-bitch!

Lesego	She wanted it.

Natalie	Hey! Guys! 

Natalie	Hey! Guys!

Lesego	Hey... what are we even doing here?

Guard	You have a visitor.

Christopher	I know what you're thinking. Two words. Private jet.

Christopher	Now, here's my question.

Christopher	How many people know about this?

Christopher	Let's see... huh? Just over two million.

Christopher	Over two million in less than a day. Do you know how I know that?

Blaze	Jade. Why would she post this?

Christopher	What? You think I wouldn't find out some other way?

Blaze	Yeah, but if she didn't--

Christopher	I don't give a fuck about Jade!

Christopher	Let's focus on who got us into this mess shall we.

Christopher	You two... children.

Christopher	The last thing we needed was this sort of publicity you fucking bell ends.

Lesego	Yeah, it, it was a party. People are drinking. These things happen.

Christopher	Huh, mate, the sponsors are threatening to pull your fee.

Christopher	But hey Guv... there was a party... these things happen... everyone was drinking.	

Christopher	I want you to remember today, Moleko. Take a look around the room.

Christopher	Realize it won't get ever any better than this.

Christopher	Today's the beginning of the end for you. You're finished. Done mate.

Christopher	On the way over here, I was thinking... what's the worst thing about all of this?	

Christopher	Was it the fact the sponsors may never work with us again?

Christopher	Was it the fact that the club are claiming substantial damages to property?

Christopher	Was it the fact, that I was gonna have to pay a shitload of money to bail the two of you out of jail?

Christopher	Or was it the damage to our company? My reputation?

Christopher	And then it dawned on me as we began our descent. The worst thing was I wasn't even disappointed.

Christopher	Hmm? I'm thinking how many more times am I gonna can have to save you from yourselves.

Christopher	Maybe the answer is zero. Maybe you've used up all your coupons.

Lesego	I'm wondering, why one of us is sleeping with a detective. It's not me.

Christopher 	Bird in the lift?

Blaze	My private life and my professional life are two different things.

Christopher	If that was the case, why the fuck are we here?

Lesego	And if it has nothing--

Christopher	Shut up! Private life.

Christopher	It seems there's something you still don't get about this here gig, bruv.

Christopher	There ain't no private life. Not here in this job. Not here in this life. You signed that away six years ago.

Christopher	Oh and Blaze, wankers... when you leave this place, you're not just leaving as a free man, you're leaving as a single man.

Christopher	And one more thing, you can drop this shit. That's on me.

Jean-Pierre	You put your body in the work and I like that. 

Jean-Pierre	Okay.

Meshnie	Shukran.

Jean-Pierre	You’re welcome.

Blaze	What’s wrong?

Herve	Everything!

Blaze	Is it the girl?

Herve	I want a Jag. Or a Maserati. I want my own house with a swimming pool.

Blaze	All in good time, yeah.

Herve	How long, Blaze? How long am I going to live in this…

Herve	... fucking hotel room and take an Uber everywhere

Blaze	Look Herve, you've been here, for what, two months?

Herve	Nine weeks.

Blaze	Right and Rome wasn’t built in one day.

Herve	Maybe this is funny for you. But I've lost the love of my life because I can't afford to look after her.

Blaze	Good. If she's only into you for that kind of stuff, then maybe it's for the best, right? Right.

Blaze	So I messed up your first day back at the station, right?

Natalie	Yeah.

Blaze	And it was the one thing you asked of me…

Natalie	Relax, I called in and made up some story, but I'm going to pay for it tomorrow.	

Blaze	Nat... I'm sorry, okay. What I did, it was out of line... 

Blaze	Did you finish your book?

Blaze	Ended the way you expected?

Natalie	The jury finds Dmitri innocent and Katerina nurses Ivan back to health.

Blaze	So I live. I mean, that's good news, right.

Natalie	Why did Lesego find it strange that we would be together?

Blaze	Are you seriously asking me to explain what happens in that maniac's head?

Natalie	Do you know what turns the case against Dmitri?

Natalie	Ivan stands up and he says that he did it.

Natalie	And it confuses everyone and it nearly sends him away.

Natalie	Until Katerina shows a letter from Dmitri saying that he wants to kill his father.	

Natalie	And she clears his name. She saves him. Just makes me think...

Natalie	I'm not really Katerina at all.


  

