Voice Over	Previously on Agent.

Lesego	You see, your game is like heavy metal, boom, boom, boom, boom, ours it’s like classical music.

Vuyo	Tomorrow, it's my hundredth appearance.

Blaze	Ah come on. Of-course, I mean, I knew it was coming up.

Jean-Pierre	But you know who's going to take over your boots very soon?

Lesego	Who?

Jean-Pierre	Herve

Lesego	Herve?

Mila	What?

Sean	Scene six, I just want to do the interrogation. "Something happened when you were five”.

Lesego	I got you bitch. You're safe with me.

Lesego	Are you old enough to take my girl?

Lesego	Fuck!

Nina	Ah, stop it! Stop it Lesego. Stop it!

Jerry	They're not dreams... 

Jerry	... they're premonitions.

Walter 	And now, what's going on here?

Lesego	I think its just nerves.

Blaze	Vuyo didn't make the final cut.

Christopher	He's benched? 
 
Christopher	What's Zoe's thinking behind this?

Blaze	Hey... I'm late for my 8 o'clock with Oupa Manyisa.

Natalie	I'm just gonna pretend like I know who that is…

Blaze	Captain fantastic that's who it is. He's wants to come over... 'come over' as in come over to me of-course.

Natalie	Nice.

Blaze	And you? Your brother... is he around?

Natalie	He's around, but not here in Jozi. He lives in Cape Town, but he shows up some time…

Blaze	And what would he say about me?

Natalie	Probably nothing good.

Blaze	Huh. That's not reassuring.

Natalie	I've yet to come across a guy he was okay with though.

Blaze	How many guys are we talking here?

Natalie	One or two, here and there... 

Natalie	... but to be fair I never really had the best taste in guys so... it's not Tyrone's fault.

Natalie	You know it's gonna be different next week. No more sleeping in. You haven't met the 'me' that works yet.

Blaze	Your suspension's been lifted right?

Natalie	Yup…

Natalie	…back on the beat Monday. They got me doing surveillance; so 'observing from afar', 'listening into wire taps' on 'persons of interest'.

Blaze	Real bad ass. Yep, wish me luck with Oupa. Come.

Blaze	Oh... 

Blaze	Bye Mommy.

Blaze	Oupa’s going to kill me.

Lesego	Ooh. 

Lesego	HA…

Lesego	Ahh, wow…

Lesego	They say this bacon is like three hundred Rand a kilo babe. Italian imports. Okay, let's see. Must be good, huh?

Lesego	Ummm... it's worth it. I mean, you're worth it.

Lesego	You said you liked coming here to have breakfast. At least try some of the steak.

Lesego	Okay.

Nina	Remember my old housemate Solange? 

Nina	The one with the eating disorder?

Nina	You met her, my friend from Abidjan?

Lesego	Oh.

Nina	Anyways. She's married now.

Lesego	Oh.

Nina	Two years. You know where she went on honeymoon?

Lesego	No?

Nina	Mauritius.

Nina	Now she and Ron are planning to renew their vows.

Lesego	Really?

Nina	Solange Assalé gets Mauritius and what does Nina Sankara get? An Illovo bakery.

Lesego	Yeah but babe we've been through this. I'll see what I can do.

Nina	"I'll see what I can do?” 

Nina	Ron didn't say "I'll see what I can do Solange". He said: "Here's your boarding pass."

Lesego	Okay, but I told you, it's not up to me, you know that.

Nina	What do you mean? You're the star player. The God-damn main attraction. That must count for something?

Lesego	Yeah but SAFA doesn’t seem to think so.

Nina	You think anyone at SAFA knows what they're doing? 

Nina	Not make it personal. It's a compliment you don't get called up.

Lesego	Yeah fuck SAFA, fuck 'em you know. Who needs to play in shithole countries anyway. Fucken Togo... Mali, what the fuck. Guinea, I mean who needs that shit, right?

Nina	But Mauritius it's... its paradise, isn’t it?

Lesego	Yeah.

Mila	I won't, I won’t answer not another question, not until you tell me who you are.

Herve	*Praying under his breath*

Godi	Where were you? I mean, an hour late. Seriously?

Blaze	Did you at least offer him something to drink?

Godi	Ages ago.

Blaze	Good. Where's he? Is he in my office?

Godi	No, he had things to do, he had a nine am... I mean, you took too long.

Blaze	Ahhh fuck! And today was the day I was supposed to close him.

Godi	Yeah well good luck with that now.

Blaze	Was he pissed?

Godi	What do you think?

Blaze	The roads were a mess this morning. I mean people can't drive for shit in this city... which is exactly why a weekend away in Mauritius is what the doctor ordered.

Godi	Yeah about that? 

Blaze	Uh huh?

Godi	You know you can take a partner?

Blaze	Miss G do you wanna sunbathe with me?

Godi	Blaze as much as I'd like to be drinking pina coladas on the beach with you, we have a lot going on this weekend.

Blaze	Really? 

Godi	Yeah.

Blaze	Like what?

Godi	Like Mila's call back or have you forgotten?

Blaze	No, I knew. What's a call back?

Godi	It's when they like your first audition and then they call you back for a second.

Blaze	Of-course.

Godi	Anyway, I was thinking. Why don't you take Natalie?

Blaze	What are you on about?

Godi	Taking a partner. To Mauritius.

Blaze	It's probably too soon... I mean we've only been dating for about a 
month.

Godi	That's three weeks longer than your previous best.

Godi	It's a wonderful opportunity.

Blaze	It's just a weekend, I'll be back in the office by Monday.

Godi	So, what's the problem?

Blaze	The problem is its Mauritius... the problem is Lesego and me having to clean up after his mess.

Godi	Yeah okay, forget it. It's just that I thought it was a nice, romantic gesture.

Blaze	More importantly, when we getting confirmation from Mino Raiola? The sponsors have sent me more than 500 messages since yesterday. They're on edge.

Godi	Well, don't blame them. Zlatan's nursing an injured groin. If he recovers, he'll fly with the Sweden squad for the Moldova match.

Blaze	Umm, he's a chop that one.

Godi	A chop who scores 20 goals a season and he's in his mid-30's.

Blaze	Yeah yeah no disrespect and I, I take nothing away from the guy okay.

Godi	I'll go and continue with the calls.

Blaze	Thank you.

Godi	Oh and... uh, Chris called.

Godi	Don't worry. I'm sure it's just, you know

Blaze	Vuyo and Zoe?

Godi	Yeah. You got this.

Blaze	On some days.

Christopher	Three weeks ago we stood at Marlboro United, what did I say to you? Shall I remind you? I said "You need to fix this before it becomes a bad habit"…

Blaze	She's been in Europe the whole week.

Christopher	All I hear are excuses.

Blaze	Call it what you want Chris, that's the truth.

Christopher	I need you to be on top of this Zoe bullshit Denzel Washington-style. I can't help feel that you're not. And you could really do with the bonus injection.

Blaze	Okay, I'll keep at it but you know what she's like.

Christopher	Yeah I thought I did. All I know is Apollo's best player is eating wood, game after game. We're losing money on tv rights. Shirt sales. I mean, how long can this go on for?

Blaze	It's an old trick.

Christopher	Hey mate, I probably invented the shite. But look at her now. I mean, attendances are up.

Christopher	She sold half her properties in Mykonos. This isn't a trick anymore mate. It's bad business.

Blaze	Or maybe good business. Maybe times are really tough.

Christopher	Oh so wait... are you on Zoe's side now?

Blaze	No, I'm not on her side, no

Christopher	Niks, have we heard back from Roger Federer's people?

Nikki	Ja, they said four o'clock.

Christopher	Alright, stay on them.

Christopher	Are you sure you're not on Zoe's side? Hmm?

Jean-Pierre	Jackie, you are like a fine wine that matures with age.

Jackie	Jean-Pierre…

Jean-Pierre	Yes?

Jackie	Compliments don't come cheap, what do you want?

Jean-Pierre	What I got to want something to give you a compliment?

Jackie	Well everyone usually does.

Jean-Pierre	Ah don't put me in the same basket as your ex-husbands.

Jackie	Uh heh, true story that. Quite frankly they can all go to hell. Well except for Bobby. 

Jackie	He did leave me a shit load of money before the heart attack.

Jean-Pierre	Well they didn't treat you like a man should.

Jackie	Yeah yeah whatever. Oh, how are things going with Julie by the way? 

Jackie	Ah, sorry I asked.

Jackie	Okay, um, I can see them here somewhere, ah there we go. Travel tickets and transfers. All set for Mauritius.

Jean-Pierre	Great, thank you. 

Jackie	You’re welcome.

Jean-Pierre	How's it working out with Ibra?

Jackie	Ah fuck, don't even ask. The... the up and down between the sponsors and the agents, I'm actually just so over it.

Jean-Pierre	Right.

Jackie	Yeah.

Jean-Pierre	What if you don't get him?

Jackie	Well then I guess its back to the drawing board.

Jean-Pierre	Wouldn't be nice to have an unknown... someone on the rise…

Jackie	Who were you thinking? One of yours?

Jean-Pierre	Not necessarily. I'm just saying you should consider this as a plan B.

Jackie	Maybe.

Jean-Pierre	Maybe's good for me.

Jackie	Good.

Jean-Pierre	Alright.

Jean-Pierre	Oh and the offer still stands if you wanna... join me?

Jackie	Happy travels Jean-Pierre.

Blaze	Roger Federer? Seriously?

Christopher	Yes Roger Federer, seriously. I'm helping him out with a defamation suit against a local newspaper Guv.

Christopher	Do you really think it's the first I've represented a tennis star?

Blaze	Nope, but you sure did name drop for my benefit.

Christopher	Anyway, back to Zo, until you sort this out you can kiss your little Mauritian adventure goodbye.

Blaze	But I'm leaving tomorrow.

Christopher	No, you're not. Not until you've spoken to Zo and gotten to the bottom of this.

Christopher	And you can put that suit to some good use and get me some answers, yeah?

Jean-Pierre	We have got to stop meeting like this.

Lesego	Why you wasting your time JP? Shouldn't you be creeping up on Herve?

Jean-Pierre	Okay, okay I deserve that. Okay but you showed me that you're still the captain of this team.

Lesego	Yeah while your golden boy was puking in the tunnel, you know what I was doing?

Jean-Pierre	You were putting that ball in the back of the net, that's what you were doing yes.

Lesego	Damn straight, you best believe that JP.

Jean-Pierre	Listen, listen, listen, here I was talking about Herve like he's your successor, when actually I think he just can't cut it. You know?

Lesego	Yeah well maybe that's taking it a bit too far now.

Jean-Pierre	Is it? Is it? Listen, he got selected and he blew it. Now at this level you only get one shot, you don't take it... you're out.

Lesego	Yeah but, but you haven't seen him out in practice. He's like a regular Maradona.

Lesego	I'm telling you he's like, he's got this football brain

Jean-Pierre	Stop making excuses for him, okay, just stop, you know. He's just another kid who couldn't cut it. And that’s no big deal. It happens.

Lesego	Yeah but everybody surely gets a second chance, right?

Jean-Pierre	No, not in the EPL, not in La Liga and especially not in Ligue One.

Jackie	Right, everything's taken care of. Full board and they've even thrown in some shiatsu vouchers.

Jackie	The sponsors have all jumped in, SBM, City Sport, Air Mauritius, all come to the party.

Lesego	Who are... Joelle Kayembe…

Jackie	Joelle Kayembe

Lesego	And…

Jackie	Meshnie Hammam? You seriously haven't heard of them?

Lesego	Uh-uh.

Jackie	Well, Joelle Kayembe, she's the new face of Landon, Lorel, one of those fucking brands.

Lesego	Tell me Jacks…

Jackie	Yeah?

Lesego	Are the tickets for one or two persons?

Jackie	Well it's entirely up to you Ace, so if you were thinking of bringing Nina…

Jackie	Oh for fuck sakes Lesego, just bite the bullet and bring her.

Lesego	Yeah alright.

Jackie	Okay look you gonna have to let me know like yesterday, cos if I have to update the numbers, I need to know. So, is that a yes?

Jackie	Today maybe?

Lesego	Ai, okay, okay.

Jackie	Alright. Don't sound so excited. Okay.

Godi	Talk. What happened?

Blaze	What?

Godi	Come on.

Blaze	You know what happened in there right.

Godi	Oh he wasn't happy? Yoh... did you tell him that we've been slogging for the past three weeks to get hold of that woman?

Blaze	Yeah I told him, I even told him that she's out of the damn country, but it made no difference.

Godi	Well, do you want me to try her again?

Blaze	No no no no no no it's okay I spoke to Jade.

Blaze	She seems to say that Zoe's on her way back from Europe as we speak.

Godi	So Sli... do you really think she doesn't have the cash for Vuyo's bonus appearance?

Blaze	She's got it alright. I mean this is all just a game... the longer Vuyo stays on 99, the longer he warms the bench.

Godi	Well, you can forget that. The last two games, he isn't even making the bench.

Blaze	Uh, Miss G. Can you do me a favour please?

Godi	Mmm?

Blaze	Can you find out what time her Athens flight lands at OR Tambo? Jade seems to think it's around the same time as my Mauritian flight.

Godi	Sure thing.

Blaze	Because if I don't get an answer... might as well forget about Mauritius.

Godi	Shame.

Lesego	A replacement? 

Jackie	Mmm.

Lesego	Let's see... my number one choice is Alexis Sanchez…

Jackie	Yeah.

Lesego	But it's probably, it's too late for him hey?

Jackie	Well the sponsors aren't coughing up anymore. Nah I think they've been burnt by this Zlatan Ibrahimovic bullshit.

Lesego	But then I thought he like got over his injury?

Jackie	Yeah, maybe he did, maybe he didn't. For what he was asking he could have bought two fucking new knees.

Lesego	Is this about the money?

Jackie	Ja, as if United aren't paying him enough.

Lesego	I don't get it though, like they said, these sponsors are throwing everything in there, like they're not holding back any expenses.

Jackie	Yeah by the close of business today I've gotta find a replacement for the Swedish meatball.

Lesego	Oh... Jacks, what about a local player?

Jackie	Fucking infomercial bullshit.

Jackie	I don't know who were you thinking, Haashim Domingo, Andile Jali? Ranti?

Lesego	No, no, no. I mean like as in 'local' local, as in playing here in Mzansi.

Jackie	Are you fucking joking Lesego?

Lesego	No I'm not fucking joking Jacks, I'm being serious, okay.

Lesego	I'll sell this to Bra Walts, you just need to back me…

Jackie	I don't know Ace.

Lesego	Who is the captain of this club?

Jackie	Yeah yeah, you, I know.

Lesego	Exactly, so the captain of the club is speaking, all you just gotta do is just trust me.

Lesego	Uh uh. 

Lesego	Uh huh. Trust me.

Blaze	Look it was a once-off okay. Once… it will never happen again.

Blaze	Okay friend, you do that. Look, you think about the part where you give me the benefit of the doubt. That's what I really want you to ponder upon, okay?

Blaze	Alright. You are my brother, sharp Oupa!

Blaze	We lost him.

Blaze	We just lost Oupa Manyisa.

Godi	Did you put your alarm on this morning?

Blaze	Natalie is a light sleeper.

Godi	Right so it came on, you switched it off and went straight back to bed?

Blaze	Naturally Miss G.

Godi	Yeah well, you’ve only got yourself to blame... anyway, I'm here for a reason.

Blaze	Yeah?

Godi	Yeah. I have someone to meet you.

Blaze	Well then, bring them in.

Godi	Come in sister.

Blaze	Mila Kunis who, I mean... shah shah.

Mila	How would you know? I mean you haven't been to any of my auditions yet.

Blaze	And it's not because I didn't wanna be there.

Mila	If you "wanted to" you would have made a plan Blaze?

Blaze	Which is why I'm making it up to you right now.

Mila	Fine, cool, then you can come with me to my second call back tomorrow morning.

Mila	I'm down to the final three.

Blaze	Which is why I'm making it up to you next week. Yeah.

Mila	I don't have a call back next week Blaze.

Blaze	Yeah well next time you have a call back baby.

Mila	I might have already got the role by then.

Blaze	Role. Godi told me about the role, you're playing some girl who's just come out of a long term relationship, am, am I right?

Mila	Ja except now she gets kidnapped, and there's like a sack thrown over her head and she gets transported to this amazing tropical island, and that just happens in the first fifteen pages.

Blaze	What exactly happens on this Island?

Godi	Well she's interrogated in the first half, right, and she doesn't know how she got there or where she is. Well, the character, of-course.

Blaze	Interrogated?

Mila	Yeah…

Godi	Yeah…

Blaze	Are you sure you wanna go through with this?

Mila	Well up until now I've only ever been in student films and this has been bought by two massive broadcasters Blaze.

Blaze	Yes, yes, baby cakes I know. It's just, can you handle everything your character needs to go through?

Mila	As an actor I'm supposed to be able to go to those dark places Blaze.

Blaze	Are you comfortable with this?

Godi	Oh yeah baby cakes. As long as I can be there for the shoot and the rehearsal.

Blaze	Let's do it then. Why not?

Godi	Yes!

Mila	Thank you.

Lesego	Aah!

Lesego	Even Tiger Woods had rough patches.

Walter	Hey, if you don't keep your head still, you'll top the ball every time.

Walter	Watch and learn.

Jackie	Bra Walts…

Jackie	Lesego might be on to something.

Lesego	Yeah.

Walter	The sponsors won't go for it. Toure, he's just a kid, he played one professional game for us!

Lesego	Yeah but with all due respect Baba, it was a very good game.

Walter	One day the next Zlatan will play for my team. Until then... we go for international talent for this sort of thing.

Lesego	Yeah but... here, here's the angle, I mean it's fresh, new, real talent not these over-glorified stars Baba.

Walter	You mean like yourself Moleko?

Lesego	Hehe, that's a good one Baba, I almost walked into that, but for real... no I'm serious, let's think about it.

Lesego	The first photo shoot of up and coming Marlboro United stars, right next to the world stars.

Lesego	I mean, no one's ever seen that, right, I mean they're on their own way to becoming their own, you know, world stars, you know.

Lesego	You know what I'm saying? Baba Messi. Even Ronaldo. The Zlat even, they were all teenagers once, no?

Walter	You agree with this?

Lesego	It'll be good for him Baba. I'll take him under my wing. I mean he needs to be around the pros to get used to this kind of thing, you know.

Lesego	I'll look after him. Plus he's good looking, the ladies love him. It'll be like, you know…

Walter	So... how do we sell this Jacks?

Jackie	Rags to riches story. You know, from the streets of Abidjan to the white beaches of Le Morne. They love that sort of shit.

Walter	And uh you are prepared to craft it?

Jackie	Sure.

Lesego	Yes!

Walter	Calm yourself Moleko.

Lesego	Thank you Baba. 

Lesego 	It's gonna be good I'm telling you.

Walter	You need to tell Blaze about this.

Lesego	Uh No

Lesego	Um, I mean... you guys are busy, you got all these balls, she's got stuff to type, I'm, I’m seeing him later anyway.

Lesego	So I'll let him know personally.

Walter	Is there anything else before I start to enjoy my Friday?

Lesego 	No, we done, that's it.

Lesego	Thank you so much Baba. 

Lesego 	It's gonna be good.

Walter	Ja…

Lesego	Hey, Yo. 

Lesego	Abidjan. 

Lesego	It's Lesego, open up man.

Lesego	Hey yo!

Lesego	I can hear you bouncing the ball against the wall dog, come on.

Lesego	Can you open the door? Please.

Herve	Go away Lesego!

Lesego	You know I won't until you open, so let's just save ourselves the time dog. 

Lesego	Frenchy?

Lesego	Frenchy?

Godi	Hey... have you seen the emails from the sponsors?

Blaze	Yeah. The Zlat is out and they want a replacement for him.

Godi	Right.

Godi	Um, there's someone else to see you.

Blaze	Seems to be the day for it today.

Blaze	Hey… Monte.

Monte	Sure ta-Blaze-a.

Blaze	Hey it's good to see you.

Blaze	Have a seat.

Monte	Ja eish ta-Blaze-a... you a hard man to find…

Monte	Can't get hold of you.

Blaze 	Ja I know.

Blaze	I’ve been busy with work.

Monte 	Tell me, how come?

Blaze	B-b-b-b-b-b… tch tch… be careful with that one.

Monte	Okay.

Monte 	How come you have all of this? 

Monte 	Is it not scary perhaps? I mean you have all of this…

Blaze   	Scary?

Monte 	Yes, you see Mr Blaze, I have nothing. I sleep like a baby, but you...

Monte 	... you can wake up one day and lose everything... just like that!

Monte 	Can I sit?

Blaze	Yeah, yeah uh.

Lesego	What, are you just gonna ignore me now, is that it?

Lesego	Would it help if I said sorry at least?

Herve	You already say sorry, but I don't believe.

Lesego	Okay, my nigger, listen, from the bottom of my heart, I'm sorry.

Lesego	Look man, the thing, Nina had been driving me the whole day, you know I was like... and then I, I just snapped and I took it out on you…

Lesego	Let's just say you were caught in the crossfire.

Herve	Nina must think I'm an idiot.

Lesego	No son. Nina thinks you're a sweetheart. She hates me but

Lesego	 what do you say you just take this opportunity and that's my way of making it up to you?

Lesego	My laaitie, you are replacing the Zlat.

Herve	Where will we stay?

Lesego	On the west coast. It's lit boy. Hot honeys in bikinis everywhere.

Lesego	I'm telling you our rooms are facing the fucking ocean. 

Lesego	The honeys are dripping wet, it's like boats and fucking clubs, palm trees, the way you see it in the movies man.

Herve	I don't watch these kind of movies.

Lesego	Or models, have you, have you seen what models look like? Parties, yeah?

Herve	It doesn't mean I forgive you.

Lesego	Haa, there's my boy. Come on, put it here son. Here we go.

Lesego	Listen, fair enough, it's your call, but that's my peace offering. Put it here, come on.

Lesego	Alright.

Godi	Yoh... look at you. My favourite lovebirds. Yes.

Godi	No, kiss me properly, come on. Yes and another one.

Godi	And you young man? How wonderful to see you. Come let's go through.

Vuyo	Who said we came to see Blaze?

Kim 	We only come for you Mama Godi you know this.

Godi	Just because I'm beautiful doesn't mean I'm stupid.

Blaze	Miss G. 

Godi	Yes.

Blaze	Have you printed out Monte's CV yet?

Godi	Oh yeah, yeah….

Godi	Come, come.

Godi	And look who I have with me.

Blaze	Hey guys. Ummm, can you please take Monte up to the second floor, the advertising company, I hear that they're hiring delivery drivers.

Blaze	Monte my man, excuse me, but Godi will take it from here.

Monte 	Sure Blaze. We'll continue this another day.

Blaze	No, no, no, no, of-course, of-course, good luck.

Godi	Come.

Blaze	Good luck.

Blaze	My favourite couple. Take a seat guys, come on.

Blaze	How you guys been?

Blaze	Um, V, I understand that you're angry and I get it.

Vuyo	Do you? Serious?

Vuyo	Do you? You know I'd understand if I had, I had splinters in my ass because I was an average player in a great team, but how am I supposed to understand as a great player in an average team?

Blaze	I can't. I can't explain that.

Vuyo	Four games in a row Blaze. Four.

Blaze	Look…

Blaze	You know the situation... and I give you updates every day.

Vuyo	They're all the same. Can't get a hold of Zoe. 

Vuyo	All the time bro.

Blaze	But... you know what she's been like?

Kim 	Babe, Blaze has a point. 

Kim 	I mean you've also been searching for Zoe high and low with no luck.

Vuyo 	Hey, hey, hey woman... this man is my agent. He's supposed to be on it.

Blaze	I’m on it Vuyo, okay?

Blaze	But whilst Zoe's flying all over Europe, there's nonothing, we can do until she gets back.

Blaze	Look, I share your frustration, players should play, period.

Vuyo	P-p-players?

Blaze	Yes.

Vuyo 	Did you hear him? Players? Hey man, I'm not players, I am Vuyo.

Vuyo	I'm the train. Chu-ka-chu-ka, chu-ka-chu-ka, chu-ka. Shosholoza Meyl. "A pleasant experience”.

Vuyo	Look man if I get dropped because I didn't play well, fine. 

Vuyo	This thing... no man, this is something else.

Blaze	Okay.

Blaze	Just give me some time and I'll sort things out with your boss.

Vuyo	Oh so you admit it?

Blaze	Admit what? Huh? Look Vuyo, you are the best right back in the country, right, and you shouldn't be treated like this. I, I get it.

Kim 	And baby maybe the person you should be lashing out at is Zoe?

Kim 	I mean, I'm, I'm just saying, it's not like he can tell her what to do.

Blaze	I... I don't know about that, alright, but I do know how to handle Zoe.

Vuyo	Then what happened to her being just a... a "good businesswoman"?

Blaze	She's on her way back... from Greece. I'll catch her at the airport when she least expects it.

Vuyo	And what about Santiago?

Blaze 	I will talk to Santiago tomorrow as the last resort.

Vuyo	Blaze, Blaze, Blaze, I don't plan to stick around at 99 appearances for the rest of my career. 

Vuyo 	Do ya feel me bra?

Blaze	Yeah, I feel you.

Blaze	Vuyo, have I ever let you down? Huh? Ever? Come on. You are Moyo. I nicknamed you... 'The Train', 'The Midnight Train'.

Lesego	Shoot, shoot, shoot, shoot... get the mother... come up the stairs.

Lesego	Aah.

Lesego	They're gonna get, ah, they're gonna kill me. Bra where you, where you? Aaaaah fuck.

Herve	Stupid ringtone.

Lesego	Shit. I gotta, I gotta take this.

Lesego	Jackie…

Jackie	Good news, Ace. They're happy with your boy replacing Ibra. I sold them that whole "rising star in with the legends" bullshit and they thought it was 'romantic'.

Lesego	You're a genius, thank you Jackie.

Jackie	Yeah I know. Anyway I just wanted to give you the heads-up before I call Blaze to find how he feels about the offer.

Lesego	Okay, nice one.

Jackie	No worries, chat later.

Lesego	Okay, uh Jacks, w-wait!

Jackie	Yeah?

Lesego	Um, just just, go ahead with it.

Jackie	What do you mean?

Lesego	I mean, Blaze will be cool with it you know.

Jackie	What about your boy?

Lesego	If you send me that contract, I'll put a pen in his hand and I'll make him sign.

Jackie	You sure?

Lesego	Hundreds.

Jackie	Okay but it's on your head.

Lesego	Thanks Jacks. It's cool.

Lesego	My boy, it's happening. 

Lesego	You're in! They're sending the contract right now for the shoot in Mauritius.

Herve	But… what about Blaze?

Lesego	Well Blaze is my agent too remember. I got this.

Herve	Nina? She is coming?

Lesego	Yeah, seems that way.

Herve	Keep her away. No more game.

Lesego	Ja, for sure man. On my fucking life.

Lesego	You in boy. Come re start. 

Lesego	Don't fucking let me die now okay.

Kim	Well not yet…

Vuyo 	Those are fancy things.

Blaze	Yeah…

Godi	Blaze…

Blaze	I will call you guys later, okay?

Vuyo	Blaze, remember who's the best right back in the country... huh? Who? 

Vuyo	Vuyo Moyo. 'The Train'.

Vuyo	Bye Godi.

Godi	Come, I need to, I need to show you something.

Blaze	What is it?

Godi	Hundred and fifty thousand! Herve is going with to Mauritius?

Godi	When were you going to tell me?

Blaze	I've never seen or heard about this until now.

Godi	What?

Blaze	Where's the kid?

Godi	I don’t know.

Blaze	Well get him on the phone. Now!

Godi	He's on voicemail. Maybe he's sleeping.

Blaze	He'd better be sleeping.

Godi	What are you thinking?

Blaze	I think, I know who's behind this. I'll sort it out.

Lesego	What up B?

Herve	Hey Blaze.

Blaze	Am I missing something?

Lift Occupant	Where to guys?

Lesego	Mauritius.

Blaze	So you made a deal without consulting me?

Lesego 	Let’s be honest, even if I asked you, you would have said no.

Blaze	Still, you went ahead. After you told Chris you would stay out of my business.

Lesego 	What do you want from me?

Blaze	Just... stay out of my affairs. It's that simple.

Blaze 	Who's the agent here?

Lesego	Hey can you believe this guy?

Herve	I don't know, this is…

Lesego 	Hey man, I did you a favour.

Blaze	I don't need your God damn favours.

Lesego	Hey man. You don't get it. I got them to replace the Zlat with Herve. This little unknown boy here. Man are you fucking kidding me?

Blaze	I know... you told both Jackie and Walter that you would personally tell me about this. Hmm?

Blaze	How did I find out about the deal? By email. With the signed contract.

Lesego 	Yes, yes you would have found out anyway.

Blaze	And that, and that's right to you, ne?

Lesego	Hey you know what, the way I see this is like this, I mean I got a sponsor to say yes to this unknown.

Lesego 	It’s all you man, you will get money in your back pocket. 

Lesego	You should be grateful.

Blaze	And you couldn't say no?

Herve	I say he must call.

Blaze	And you didn't think of saying no I cannot sign this contract if Blaze is not in the room?

Herve	But he say you cool with that.

Blaze	Herve…

Blaze	Do I look cool to you? Huh?

Lesego 	Relax.

Blaze	You know what, fuck it, alright, it's already done. 

Blaze	This thing’s gonna happen and there's nothing I can do about it.

Lesego	Sharp!

Lesego	Herve.

Blaze	Hey, hey, hey... where you going?

Lesego	He's gonna chill at my house... 

Lesego	... and play games. I’ll bring him back later.

Blaze	Hey you, no staying out til late, okay? I want you rested for tomorrow's flight.

Lesego	Okay daddy.

Herve	I’m just going to play Fifa just on his big screen.

Lesego	Fuck.

Natalie	I picked the book up and I couldn't put it down.
	
Blaze	I love the lead from Miami, um, shit what was his name again?

Natalie	Detective Vincent Mora, being stalked by Teddy Magyk.

Blaze	Yes, now I remember, the serial rapist he help put away.

Natalie	What a character. Creepy motherfucker though.

Blaze	But nobody writes them better?

Natalie	Mm.

Blaze	So I might or might not be going to Mauritius tomorrow morning.

Natalie	I thought that was happening?

Blaze	It was until Chris decided that it's not.

Blaze	I kinda need to stay behind and fix something, if I don't get it fixed then I might end up not going at all.

Blaze	But let's say I do happen to go, would you like to... just come with?

Natalie	I thought it was a work thing?

Blaze	It is, but we could spend some time together?

Natalie	Okay but what time would we get back on Monday because I have to be back at the station by mid-day.

Blaze	I think Monday morning. Look, the sponsors coughed up extra tickets for the partners, so I thought I'd offer.

Natalie	It's sweet of you, but I think I'm gonna pass.

Blaze	No?

Natalie	I need to get my head into surveillance, so... it's probably best that I stay.

Blaze	You gonna be missing out... on this... and this…

Blaze	Dinner is served.

Blaze	Fuck!

Blaze	There is no way that Zoe was on that flight.

Jade	Yes she was.

Blaze	What are you talking about? I've been waiting for over an hour.

Jade	Well I just told you, she got in last night under the radar.

Blaze	So sorry.

Blaze	Gotta take this.

Blaze	Chris.

Christopher	Blaze that better not be the airport I'm hearing in the background mate?

Blaze	She arrived a day early, there's nothing that I could do. I'm about to go check in now

Christopher	No, no. Take the next flight.

Blaze	Yeah but... it's in 8 hours time!

Christopher	Listen there's a reason the sponsors got you on a flexi ticket bruv. Yeah?

Christopher	Blaze!

Christopher	Blaze!

Blaze	Yeah, I'm here okay.

Christopher	Right, listen. Get me an answer from Zo and you can whack on all the Ambre Solaire you like, yeah mate?

Blaze	Sure.

Christopher	Get it together mate.

Blaze	Fuck.

Jean-Pierre	You know what they've just done to me? Can you believe it? 

Jean-Pierre	They told me there's a problem with my room and they had to upgrade me to the penthouse.

Jean-Pierre	I told them, it was acceptable.

Blaze	Fucking asshole.

Blaze	Hey Santiago... just the man I'm looking for.

Santiago	Please Blaze.

Blaze	Were you expecting to find Mrs. Zante?

Santiago	Yes, we have many things to discuss.

Blaze	Yeah me too, you know, and I'm not going to leave until she hears exactly what I need to say to her.

Santiago	Yes... Vuyo?

Blaze	Yeah. I mean, you know better than anyone that his form has not dipped, and like a pro he still goes and wins every game for the reserves.

Santiago	It’s a bonus man…

Blaze	Yeah come on. Do you believe that?

Santiago	Doesn't matter what I believe. 

Santiago	I keep asking man, okay?

Blaze	Yeah, thanks Santiago. Hey Santiago. They don't call you the engineer for nothing.
