(INTRIGO DEATH OF AN AUTHOR)

		
		





NARRATOR	The people of the world are more or less the same. Though we may come in different shapes and colors, we all share the same inheritance, and we all have our back stories, and our secrets. Like this man, let's call him Henry, trying to find his way on a remote Greek island. Even though evolution might seem to mature us, there are still parts of our brain that belong to our reptile ancestors. Although we've convinced ourselves that hate, revenge, and nemesis belong to the past, our ancient ancestor's blood still runs in our veins, whether we like it or not.
 
HENRY	Hello? Hello?

HENDERSON	Henry Maertens?

HENRY	Mr. Henderson.

HENDERSON	It's Alex. You found the way. Obviously.
			
HENRY	Thank you very much.
 
HENDERSON	Oh, uh, perhaps you'd prefer... a cold drink?


HENRY	No, no, no. Tea will do nicely. Thank you very much. A lighthouse, it's quite something.


HENDERSON	I like to guide people. If they get too close, I turn the lights off. I prefer the solitude. I, I hate neighbors. Some say I hate people, and that's bloody true.

HENRY	Then this must be the perfect spot.

HENDERSON	Exactly. And all of this is mine. And the... olive grove behind us. Some of the trees are 500 years old. They were here when Columbus discovered America. And there's a small chapel on the other side, which is also mine. That's where I'm going to be buried, when that day comes. So, my publisher forwarded you a letter. I can't remember what you wrote, but I assume... you wanted to know how to become a writer.
 
HENRY	Uh, actually no. It's (Clears throat) it's actually more about the story. The book I'm writing, if it's any good or, uh, interesting enough. They are parallels to "Gilliam's Temptation", in a way.

HENDERSON	I haven't read it since I wrote it. Sure, sure, sure, sure, sure, since you've come all this way.
			
HENRY	It's about this couple, David and Eva. About their relationship, you could say. David is a, a writer, a rather successful one. And Eva is a... high school teacher, no children.

HENDERSON	You're not gonna read the whole... book?

HENRY	Just bits and pieces, so you get a feeling for the story.
 
HENDERSON	Get on with it.

HENRY	They left on the 15th of August, travelling in the car together, just the two of them. David felt he really loved her. They had been married for almost eight years. Of course, they had their difficulties, but he'd never felt it so strongly before. In the midst of this euphoric feeling, there was a dissonance. As if one of the strings in a chord was slightly out of tune. It's difficult to pinpoint more precisely where that feeling originated. But he seemed to have discovered a streak in his wife that he'd never noticed before. Whether the actual... change was in her or in him, he couldn't tell.

DAVID	Shall I switch on the radio?

EVA	I'd rather not. Thank you.

DAVID	Gabber recommended this gasthof just south of Burghhausen, which is supposed to be nice. Edelweiss, good food apparently. After the shortcut, we'll soon be on the highway again. So we should get there around. Tomorrow's leg will be shorter. I wonder how many...  gasthofs are called Edelweiss, must be hundreds.

EVA	David, I've met someone else.

DAVID	Okay.

EVA	The way things have been this past year, I, I, um, I have no choice, and I'm going to leave you.

DAVID	Anyone I know?

EVA	It's, um, Mauritz.

DAVID	Mauritz Winkler? Christ, why do all women have to fall in love with their therapist? You know as well as I do that it doesn't mean anything. So why are we on this fucking trip?

EVA	Look, I wanted to give it a try, but it seems futile. I'm so sorry, I've just--I've got to be honest with you.
			
			
			
	
		
MADAME H	Mr. Schwartz?

DAVID	Madame H.

MADAME H	Welcome. Pleasant journey, I hope.

DAVID	It's the most wonderful road.

MADAME H	Isn't it?  Can I get someone to help... with your bags?

DAVID	No, I'll be fine.

MADAME H	Oh, you shouldn't trouble yourself.

DAVID	No trouble... at all.

MADAME H	It's good to have you here.
 
DAVID	And good to be here.

EVA	This was the last time.

DAVID	You can't be serious?

EVA	Oh, I'm serious, David.

DAVID	You belong to me, Eva. I love you. Do you need the spray? Here. Have a seat. Here. Do you want some water?

EVA	No, I'm fine. Thank you. I'm fine. Thank you.
			
DAVID	Don't you understand that it will pass? You know, you're just confused.

EVA	I'm not confused.

DAVID	You know, I've had other women.

EVA	Why did you bring that up?

DAVID	Because I want you to know they never meant anything.

EVA	Well, that's just the difference.

DAVID	What is?

EVA	I've only had one, David. And he means everything. If your life is dark and then a door suddenly opens, then you have to move on. No, it's your responsibility. I think you owe it to yourself.

DAVID	That sounds like something Mauritz Wrinkler could have said. Do you mean your life or whose life are we talking about here?

EVA	Our life. Our life together.

DAVID	Bullshit. Fucking rubbish.

EVA	We don't talk to each other anymore. We don't stimulate each other anymore.
 
DAVID	So you talk to him instead... about our relationship?

EVA	Don't you see it, David? It's so very obvious right now. If we continue like this, we'll just cease to exist.

DAVID	Those are just words with no meaning. They signify nothing.

EVA	They signify everything.
			
			
DAVID	Hey.
 			
EVA	Ow. What are you doing?

DAVID	I'm sorry. But you can't just walk off like that.

EVA	I'm pregnant.

DAVID	What? But... since when do you know?
			
			
EVA	It's not your child, David. I understand if that makes you feel unhappy. You know I haven't felt ready. I haven't been able to see myself with a child.
			
			
DAVID	You just didn't want a child with me.

EVA	It's not that simple.

DAVID	Go on, admit it.

EVA	This is about me. Only me.
			
DAVID	Twenty-four hours later, Mauritz Wrinkler showed up. Booked himself into a hotel in the next valley. The following morning, she took the car to see him, Mauritz Wrinkler.

HENDERSON	So, he lets her leave, just like that? What a wimp. And she's such a bitch. I like her. Do you want my comments now... or afterwards?

DAVID	Maybe I should go on.

HENDERSON	Whatever.

DAVID	He decided to go for a walk in the mountains. He didn't feel like being around anyone. He didn't want anything, apart from Eva. When your soul is wounded, physical activity can heal. While he was sitting there, he couldn't stop thinking about the skin on the inside of Eva's thigh. If only the probing sensitive touch of your fingertips could find that certain spot. Then of course Mauritz Wrinkler invaded his thoughts. His fingers, his body against hers. Perhaps it was there and then that he made his decision. Afterwards, his memory failed him. But it must have come to him right there... at that very moment.
 



MADAME H	Mr. Schwartz.

DAVID	Hello. Do you know if my wife has returned yet?

MADAME H	I'm sorry. I haven't seen either her or the car since this morning.

DAVID	Okay. Thank you. How could he make his inner being understand that their love was over? He remembered when he first met her, how he immediately knew... that this was the woman he wanted to share the rest of his life with. He remembered their first kiss, the first time they made love. He still loved her with every bone in his body. And in a few months, Eva would give birth to a child that wasn't his. Almost blinded by jealousy, at the same time, he was surprised by his own rationality.

HENDERSON	But clearly, he has a plan.

DAVID	Yes. After breakfast the next morning, he says he's going to take the car. Which she accepts.

HENDERSON	So he drives off, kills that man, uh, Wrinkler, end of story, right?
			
DAVID	No, not quite. But perhaps that should be the feeling you get when you read it. But that's not what happens.

HENDERSON	Surprise me, Henry.

DAVID	David had studied the map carefully, so he knew precisely... the winding road from the village of Graues went uphill. There, some 500... meters below in the next valley was the Lauern reservoir. He had read about it in the tourist brochure. Opaque green water. At full capacity, it could hold a billion cubic meters of... melted snow and ice. When he came to the top, he had driven the car all the way without having... to use the brakes once. It wasn't until he reached the sharp... bend on his way down to the... next valley that he needed them. Just the way he'd imagined it. Excuse me?
 



			
WAITER	Yes?

DAVID	Can I get one more please?

WAITER	Yes.

DAVID	They ate in silence. Their words had suddenly become leaden, just as on the eve of war when all negotiations have broken down. And all that remains is naked action.
						
EVA	So, I'll take the car.
 



DAVID	I filled it up yesterday.

EVA	I'll be home for supper.

DAVID	She put her hand on David's shoulder, held it there a bit too long. But he didn't look up. Never met her gaze.

HENDERSON	So, the car is so demolished, nobody can tell the brakes were tampered with, if it's ever found. Perhaps it disappears in that bloody lake.
 
DAVID	The Lauern reservoir.

HENDERSON	The Lauern reservoir. Yeah, Henry, it's, um, elaborate.

DAVID	It was a beautiful day and he decided to go for a walk along the river. He walked upstream for a couple of hours... before deciding to turn back. He was hungry, hadn't had much for breakfast. It was as if time had ceased... to exist. The hours just disappeared, but the minutes crept by slowly. At the same time, he felt remarkably calm.

MADAME H	No, I haven't seen her.

DAVID	Thank you. It was the empty room, the thought that she'd never again be there to meet him when he came home. Just a big void. The following morning was one of very few words. He had been down and talked to Madame H in the reception, filed a missing person report with the local police, gone for a walk in Graues. It wasn't until the next day that he had a visitor.

MORT	David Schwartz?

DAVID	Yeah.

MORT	Chief Inspector Mort. So, let me get this... straight. You and your wife have been staying at this chateau, and your wife went missing the day before yesterday.

DAVID	That's correct.

MORT	Okay. So there must be a reason why your wife simply up and left. They... say in the hotel that you hardly spent any time together.

DAVID	We have different interests. She wanted to go for a drive, I wanted to walk along the river. I think something has happened to her.

MORT	Like what, for instance?
 
DAVID	I don't know.

MORT	You had a row, didn't you?

DAVID	Why would we? What are you implying?

MORT	Implying?

DAVID	You're implying I had something to do with Eva's disappearance? I went for a walk along the river, she wanted to go for a drive. When you've been married as long as we have, you allow each other that kind of freedom.

MORT	Really? I need a coffee.
 
DAVID	And that's how it went for over an hour. And no, they hadn't found the car, or any trace of it. They had searched all the roads in the area. They'd issued an alert, and no reliable witnesses had come forth. Eva... was gone. Three and a half years have passed. He remembers Graues. He never returned. He remembers Chief Inspector Mort's green shirt and the sweat patches under his armpits. He remembers conversations with good friends and welfare officers. The months at the hospital after his breakdown.

HENDERSON	Okay. So, this is the end of your story? You must be joking.

DAVID	It's actually the beginning. It was early March, spring had not yet arrived. Gusts of wind tore through the streets and alleys. The temperature dropped from a few degrees down to zero. Berlin was unseasonably cold. At the very end of Haydn's Cello Concerto No. 2, it happened.

WOMAN	(Coughs)

DAVID	Someone in the audience coughed.

WOMAN	(Coughs)
 



DAVID	To David, it felt like an electric shock.

EVA	(Speaking foreign language)

DAVID	It was her. It was Eva.

EVA	(Speaking foreign language)

DAVID	Six months earlier, she must have been sitting there in a concert hall in Maardam. Strange, yet, feasible to be able to distinguish a specific person's characteristic cough, among millions of others. In that moment, he was convinced Eva was still alive.

HENDERSON	Wow. Quite impressive, I must say. Spectacular twist. What do you say, we pause for a spot of lunch, David?

DAVID	Yeah. I would like that very much. Didn't have much breakfast this morning.
			
HENDERSON	Or is it Henry?? Henry? I think I'm getting a bit mixed up. You're a sly old devil, David. Disconnecting the brakes on a modern car, I'm impressed. Not only an accomplished author, but a skilled mechanic. It must have haunted you. Those... images of Eva crashing down the precipice... to her death, I can only imagine how many nights you woke up in a cold sweat. And there you are, three years later, hearing her cough on the radio.  It's fucking brilliant. The question is, did it fill you with angst or relief? Hmm. You're not going anywhere. We haven't finished yet. You come here, take up my time. I could have written a fucking novel of my own this morning. I intend to hear the rest of your story. Do I make my self clear? And you, drawn to Maardam, like a moth to a flame. By what? A cough on the radio.

DAVID	Yes. In a manner of speaking. I tried to convince myself that it could've been anyone with a... coughing fit in that audience, and I almost succeeded. Then I received a proposal, or should I say, an opportunity.
 



KERR	"I am sending you my latest manuscript to be translated and published. I forbid you to contact my publisher in Maardam or anyone else for that matter." This is the only copy undersigned, Germund Rein.

DAVID	Of course, I had to doubt my own sanity, but I couldn't get it... out of my mind that she had somehow managed to disappear from Graues without... a trace, and start a new life. I felt I have no choice, I had to find... out
 
KERR	(Speaking German)
	
DAVID	(Speaking German) A translation of German Germund Rein's last book could take me to Maardam at the German Publishers expense. It was almost like a gift from above, I would find her.
		
KERR	(Speaking German) Cheers.

DAVID	Cheers. And yes, I'm not a writer. I'm a translator. I simply translate the works of genuine writers into the German language. Yeah. And my work goes unnoticed by everyone, except for... my publisher and possibly, one or two readers. But I know my own value, and I take pride of my skills. Skills that could bring me closer to Eva, that is, if she still happens to be there. Yes, I was drawn to Maardam like a moth to a flame. I had no idea how I was going to find Eva. But I was determined... to do whatever it took to find out. I know for certain that she'd been there in that concert hall in Maardam six months ago.  The question was, did she live in Maardam? So, I sublet a flat from an architect, who'd been posted abroad. Potted plants and cat included.

AGENT	Any allergies?

DAVID	No. I'd already translated a couple of Rein's books, "The Red Sisters and Kroull's Total Silence." And I felt I might be able to master his style of writing. Not an easy task, but not by any means beyond my capabilities. After all, I knew I would have more than enough time. I didn't open the manuscript until I made myself comfortable in the library, a consequence of translating according to Darke's model.

FRAU	I brought you some tea.

DAVID	Thank you so much. Darke's method builds on the fact that you don't know the text beforehand. You translate sentence by sentence, paragraph by paragraph. So you value the text the way it appears to you, like a reader who doesn't know what is coming. I had to conduct my search for Eva during my spare time. And she was obsessed with classical music and opera, I started to frequent... in Nieuwe Halle... and The Concert Hall. I would try to buy front of stall...  seats, giving me a strategic vantage point... from which to scour... the audience. I believe I manage to spot Giselle at least four... times.  This was to become a very costly routine. So sometimes I would have to settle for simply standing... outside in the street watching the concertgoers on their way... in or out. It was like looking for a needle... in a haystack. Of course, I also pursued every... other available avenue in order to find out if Eva or Mauritz Winkler, for that matter, even lived in the city, but all in vain. Sorry. When the library opened at 2:00, I'd sit there until they closed, and then continue my fruitless search, keeping my task apart like oil and water. I'm sorry. Turning day into night.

KERR	(Speaking German) What do we actually know about our next of kin and their deepest motives? Bejman from the Evening Post. The bill... please.

WAITRESS	Yeah. Coming.

DAVID	I started to wonder... about all this secrecy. Why had he sent the manuscript to (Indistinct) this German publisher instead of his... regular publisher Otto Gerlach and Madame. It certainly seem strange. And could it really be true, that this... was the only copy? All I knew was what Judith Kerr told me, and she seemed too... excited by the prospect of the actual deal to question anything about... the background situation.
						
EDGAR L 	The woman, surveillance or missing?

DAVID	Missing.

EDGAR L	That's good. I prefer missing persons. And when did you see her the last time?

DAVID	Three year ago, or perhaps a bit more.

EDGAR L	Have you Googled her?

DAVID	She doesn't exist.
 
EDGAR L	Her maiden name?

DAVID	Leuwe. All the information's written on the back... of the photo.

EDGAR L	Are you sure you want to find her? You know, three years, most people would' have moved on by now. But not you?

DAVID	No, not me.

HENDERSON	I thought private dicks were extinct.

DAVID	Obviously not.
			
HENDERSON	Ooh. Gonna have to get some more wine if I'm gonna be able to listen to any more of this. Get to it. I'm listening. Hmm? Move on. I don't wanna spend the rest of my life listening to your screwed up story.

DAVID	Well, it's not that easy.
 
HENDERSON	Try, for Christ's sake.
			
			
DAVID	I've made some progress with Rein's... novel. It had two sides to it. One was... dreamlike and introverted, the other cynical and realistic.

HENDERSON	I've read it.

DAVID	Still I felt a great discomfort. Too many similarities to my own story. At the same time as-- I think frustrated is a better word. But it wasn't the novel itself, even if it did influence me.

HENDERSON	This is getting better and better.


DAVID	I'd started to believe that the book was about Germund Rein himself... and about Mariam, his wife. And the most bizarre aspect of it all was, of course, the parallel with my own life, my situation... with Eva. I was frustrated by... the fact that my search for her remained without success. I can't really explain why I reached out to Germund Rein's wife, Mariam Kadhar. Maybe it was because I couldn't find Eva... that I decided to find Mariam instead. There's no logic in it, I know. Maybe the content of the book was merging... with my subconscious. I don't know. But her husband had disappeared without a trace, and so had Eva.
			
MARIAM	Hmm, Alex Henderson, one of the few colleagues my husband really valued.

DAVID	Yes, he's well worth reading.

MARIAM	Please take a seat.

DAVID	Thank you.

MARIAM	So you've...  translated my husband's books?

DAVID	Only the two latest, the Red Sisters and Kroull's Total Silence.

MARIAM	Do you know... if they sold well in your language?

DAVID	Not big editions. But he's regarded by most well-informed people as one of the great modern authors. Always up for the Nobel prize.

MARIAM	Uh-hmm.
			 
DAVID	I was just passing by and wanted to present my condolences. It must be a heavy burden.

MARIAM	I haven't got used to it yet, even... though several months have passed. But in the other hand, I don't know why we should... get used to it, hmm.

DAVID	Excuse me for asking this, do you know if he was writing... anything before he died?

MARIAM	Yes, he was writing. He always did. But we don't know became of it.

DAVID	Became of it?

MARIAM	He was busy with something. I don't know what it was. He didn't tell me anything. But that's the way he was. I think he was pleased with what he wrote. I could see it in him. But there's nothing left. Like I said, perhaps he burned it, perhaps he took it with him. I really don't know.

DAVID	Mariam Kadhar, I felt pity for her, even though I clearly understood that I couldn't do anything... to help her. But, most importantly, I now understood that apart... from (Indistinct) I was probably the only living person to have held Germund Rein's final book in my hands. Why me? Mariam Kadhar didn't even know of its existence, as far as I knew. I became so... preoccupied by my thoughts that I... didn't notice that someone was following me. I don't know if you've... ever been shadowed, but... somehow you can feel it in your bones. It's not a pleasant... feeling. My first thought, of course, was that it had something to do... with my visit to Mariam or, more specifically, with Germund Rein's manuscript. But on second thought that didn't feel credible, why would anyone go to such lengths? Honestly, the whole set up was pretty amateurish. Yeah. (Speaking German)

KERR	(Speaking German)

DAVID	(Speaking German) For a while, I pondered giving into... Kerr's suggestion, to abandon Darke's model and simply read Rein's manuscript to the end. And, of course, there were things... in the manuscript which got me thinking. As if the book's real story was concealed... between the lines, as I said. But Darke maintained that it was just that kind of thing, the hidden meaning and deeper dimensions, that risked getting lost if you gave in to it. I worked on the text... and I became more and more fascinated. Suddenly I discovered something really... odd. Why... had he underlined these words? West, Sea, Sun, Bear, Dial. And why hadn't I noticed this before? Not good. Not good at all. No matter how I tried, I couldn't make anything comprehensible out of them. Why on Earth had he underlined those words in red? Excuse me? Hey. Wait. Wait.
			
FRAU	Mr. Schwartz.
						
DAVID	I didn't know what to think. It was him. The same man again. No doubt about it. Who he was and why he was following me, I had no idea.

FRAU	Please, Mr. Schwartz.

DAVID	I'm so sorry. I'm sorry. Listen. Excuse me. Do you know who that was, the man... who just ran out? Do you know him?

FRAU	Sorry.
			
DAVID	And where exactly...  was she spotted 

EDGAR L	One of the suburbs, Wassingen, block 184.

DAVID	Are you saying you've seen her there?

EDGAR L	Not personally. Just one of my collaborators.

DAVID	And when was that?

EDGAR L	Yesterday. He caught sight of her in the underground, followed her. She got out of Wassingen, and went into one of the high-rise buildings. He didn't have time to see what floor she went to.

DAVID	Is he sure... it was her?

EDGAR L	Not at all, but the birthmark... was there, along with the rest of your... description, so it's not completely out of the question.
			
			
HENDERSON	So Eva was still in the land of the living, risen out to the reservoir like a Venus.

DAVID	Yes. That's what it looked like. Rather ambiguous feelings, to be honest.

HENDERSON	You may suffer ambiguity but the law never does. Murder or attempted murder.

DAVID	Excuse me?

HENDERSON	Same intent, same punishment.

			
DAVID	Yeah, I don't know. Whatever you say. Wassingen. If hell had been conceived in our times. In my obsessed mind, I'd gone through this moment... a thousand times, but what would actually happen if I saw Eva there? What will I do? Having now seen this place, I couldn't imagine... what might to have possessed her to settle here in this concrete desert rather than live a good life with me. I counted one hundred and forty- two names, but no Schwartz, no Leuwe, and no Winkler. I felt a growing... sense of despair.  I began... to imagine I saw her everywhere. Give me all of these please.

NEWSPAPER SALESMAN	This?

DAVID	Yeah.

NEWSPAPER SALESMAN	Okay. Five-- one, two, three, four, five copies of the same issue?

DAVID	Yeah, I want to give them to people in need. Did you know that Jesus is coming, and he would like to meet you?

PAULA	Good for you, but I'm not interested.
						
MAN	I'm not (Indistinct) just...

DAVID	No. No.

MAN	I'm not interested. Thank you.

DAVID	They're, they're for free.

MAN	Thank you. No.
						
DAVID	Do you know Jesus is... coming, and he would like to meet you?

YOUNG MAN	Cool.

DAVID	By the end of the day, I had managed to sell two copies... of the magazine "Enlightenment". I had rung all one hundred and forty two doorbells, but not even a glimpse of Eva or Mauritz Winkler for that matter. Someone opened the door to ninety three of the flats, that left forty nine. I spent the rest of next week phoning round and asking for Eva.

HENDERSON	Not even a cough, I presume?

DAVID	Not a trace. Not a single sign that she was living in that depressing building in Wassingen, or that she had any connection to it whatsoever. Of course, I understood there was a gigantic margin of error here.

HENDERSON	So you simply gave up?

DAVID	Almost. I have to also admit I was lonely, and the architect's flat reminded me of my loneliness. I spend as little time as I could in my so called home.
 			
WAITRESS	(Speaking in foreign language)

DAVID	Thank you. I had, as I said...

WAITRESS	Enjoy.

DAVID	...turned day into night. Thanks. And clearly drunk too much. I couldn't sleep without my pills. It had become a vicious circle, pills and liquor. And my search for Eva becoming obsessive routine, constantly compiled to return to the same places... over and over again, waiting outside. For what? When I saw a Germund Rein's widow... at the Nieuwe Halle all alone, I suddenly felt the urge to rescue her. Was she has lonely as I was or maybe she was the one who would rescue me? I came to Maardam because of my stupidity. I thought that... I was going to find Eva.

MARIAM	Eva?

DAVID	I'm sorry. My wife. She's like finding a needle in a haystack.

MARIAM	Has she disappeared?

DAVID	Disappeared. Perhaps dead. I really don't know.

MARIAM	So how long has she been missing?

DAVID	It's been more than three years.

MARIAM	Hmm.
			
DAVID	I was on my way home, but then I caught sight of you outside the concert hall. Perhaps it was a sign. You're so beautiful.
 
MARIAM	Oh.
			
OTTO	Sorry. I'm late.

MARIAM	No. That's okay. This is David Schwartz.

OTTO	Otto Gerlach. Please to meet you. I'll fetch your coat.

MARIAM	Uh-hmm. Thank you.

DAVID	I want to see you again.

MARIAM	Sorry. I am not interested.

DAVID	I don't know what I was expecting. As I said, I've been drinking... way too much the last few weeks. That had to change now. I also needed to concentrate on Rein's manuscript. It was necessary. I was behind with my work. I've been neglecting it lately. In spite of the circumstances, I became more and more caught up in my work. In less than three days... I had finalized the translation of Rein's book. But I just couldn't let go of those underlined words. The words appeared one after the other at first sight in... no particular order. Maybe there was a hidden message after all.
			
			
FRAU	(Clears throat)
			
DAVID	Thirty centimeters west of the sundial in... Bersee-- Berhensee. The sudden realization terrified me. At that point, I could easily have taken the first flight home, but my search for Eva had now turned into something... new and very different. I didn't dare email the translated script, instead I... found a printer in the architect's flat, made a hardcopy, and sent it by courier to the publisher.

WOMAN	You take the curve here, then you turn on the right.
			
DAVID	I knew that Rein and Mariam had a summer house by the sea just outside a small village called Berhensee. The name of the house was Cherry Garden, and was reputed to be something quite outstanding. A secluded haven where Germund Rein produced most of his works according to rumors. A remote location which, exactly as I had been led to understand, will take some finding. But I found it. And I also found the sundial. My inner voice urged me to forget about the whole thing and return to the city, but for some reason... I couldn't let it go. I had to find out. So I waited for nightfall, and once again sneaked into the garden. Thirty centimeters west of the sundial in Berhensee. I found what Germund Rein had buried. The next day I went to the police. I no longer had any choice.
						
KERR	(Speaking German)
 
PROSECUTOR	So, Mr. Schwartz, you... translated Germund Rein's last book?

DAVID	Yeah.

PROSECUTOR	The book... that is the reason we are all gathered in this courtroom... today?

DAVID	I guess so, yeah.

PROSECUTOR	Why do you suppose Germund Rein only wanted the book to be published... as a translation?

DAVID	I thought that was clear. Otto Gerlach was his publisher.

PROSECUTOR	Can you... clarify what you mean?

DAVID	I... assume Rein was afraid the book, the manuscript would disappear, never be published.

PROSECUTOR	And why would it disappear?
 
DAVID	Because of its content, compromising... information.

PROSECUTOR	Compromising for whom?

DAVID	I really don't have anything to do with this.

PROSECUTOR	I put it to you that this was compromising information for the accused, Mariam Kadhar and Otto Gerlach.

DAVID	I assume.
 
THOMAS NEUMANN H	Your honor, my client's name isn't even mentioned in the book... inquestion. It's…

JUDGE	Let the witness elaborate his assertion.

DAVID	In the beginning, it was just subtle hints. But the more I read, the more obvious it became.

PROSECUTOR	You mean there are passages in the book that underlines the theory of the accusation?

DAVID	I guess you could say so.

PROSECUTOR	Can you give the court... an example of this?

DAVID	If I may... borrow the book.  I'm quoting from page 37. One morning she goes to the square to buy vegetables. Always these vegetables that must never be less than a day old, her memento mori. He goes through her belongings. She knows he would never do this, so she doesn't even bother to hide anything. He finds letters, four letters, three are clear enough, the fourth is about a conspiracy. They obviously want to see him dead. He puts the letters in a folder, drives into town to copy them. He thinks he's got plenty of time. She's probably fucking G, reaping his vicious semen between her wide open legs. Puts the originals back among her knickers in the chest of drawers... and puts the copies in a plastic bag. Goes to the shed, fetches a spade, finds a place with soft soil, and buries his treasure.

PROSECUTOR	Can you tell me... what you did after you read this?

DAVID	I went to check it out. According to the hidden code I told you about.
 			
PROSECUTOR	So you found the letters... with a hidden code in the manuscript that said it would be?

DAVID	Uh-hmm.

PROSECUTOR	The letters... Mariam Kadhar and Otto Gerlach had exchanged?

DAVID	Yes.

PROSECUTOR	Did you study the content?

DAVID	Eventually. And I came to the conclusion that the information in the book was true.
 			
PROSECUTOR	And what exactly, Mr. Schwartz, does it say... in Germund Rein's book?

DAVID	It says that M and O... planned to kill Germund Rein.

PROSECUTOR	Thank you. No further questions.

JUDGE	Mr. Neumann-Hansen.

THOMAS NEUMANN H	You found these handwritten notes and letters... buried just west of the sundial at Berhensee?

DAVID	Yeah.

THOMAS NEUMANN H	Didn't that seem... strange to you?

DAVID	In what sense?

THOMAS NEUMANN H	Well, during... the inquiry, the police went through all emails between Otto Gerlach and my client. And, yes, there's correspondence. Plenty of it. But... it's all professional. Nothing like what you found in your letters. Strange, wouldn't you say? I mean, it's so much easier... to send an email these days.

DAVID	Excuse me. But I would like to remind you all that I've only done my civic duty. I went to the police with the material I happen to have. The same thing any of you would have done.

THOMAS NEUMANN H	No more questions.

JUDGE	Thank you.
						
MARIAM	There is still time, David. It's not too late. You know it's not too late.

EVA	Rein... You're Rein, aren't you?

DAVID	No, no...
			
EVA	We've got time. Now it's my turn... To kill you.
			
DAVID	Hello.

KERR	Judith Kerr...
 
DORIS	Good morning.
 
DAVID	Sorry, but you have to leave now. Please leave.

PROSECUTOR	Is it correct that you are the... sole... inheritor of your husband's property and literary... estate?

MARIAM	Yes.

PROSECUTOR	Did you love your husband, Mrs. Kadhar?
 
MARIAM	Yes.

PROSECUTOR	Do you... have intimate relationships with other men?

THOMAS NEUMANN H	I object.

JUDGE	Do rephrase the question, please.

PROSECUTOR	Did you have a sexual... relationship with your husband's publisher, Otto Gerlach?

MARIAM	Yes.

PROSECUTOR	How long did that go on for?

MARIAM	Five years.

PROSECUTOR	Why were you unfaithful... to your husband if you loved him?

MARIAM	I don't want to answer that question.

PROSECUTOR	You're accused... of murder, Mrs. Kadhar. Did you kill your husband?

MARIAM	I did not kill my husband.
 			
DAVID	Although she terrified me, I found myself increasingly and irresistibly fascinated. I couldn't fight it. I couldn't come to terms with a thought that she could have done something so-- I don't know. I just wanted to take her in my arms, even though she rejected me so very clearly.

HENDERSON	So, what makes you believe a woman like Mariam Kadhar could be interested in a man like you? Interesting parallel with the wife, by the way. Aye, you keep yourself quite occupied, avenging yourself on women who dump you. First Eva, then Mariam. Well, I see a pattern emerging. Don't you? Anyway, in view of all the media attention you are getting, if the wife, Eva, if she were alive, and kicking, and living in Maardam, surely she would have become aware of your poster boy status now?

DAVID	Possible. But by that point I'd given up all thought of her. Thank you. My thoughts were somewhere completely different.
			
JOURNALIST	David Schwartz, what do you think about the possible... sentence? Mariam Kadhar... and Otto Gerlach...
 			
DAVID	I've got nothing to...

JOURNALIST	After all, it's because of you they might end up... behind bars. How do you feel about that?
			
			
			
JUDGE	The court finds the accused guilty of first degree murder. The defendants Otto Gerlach and Mariam... Kadhar are each sentenced to 12 years.
			
			
			
REPORTER #2	David?
			
 REPORTER #1	David Schwartz?

REPORTER #2	Twelve years behind bars. How does it feel to be the hero of the day, David?

DAVID	No comment.

REPORTER #1	Both defense lawyers have already lodged appeals. Any comments?

REPORTER #2	There you have it.

DAVID	I just wanted to get away from the place. And Mariam's accusing eyes burned into my very core. It felt like I was going to pieces.

HENDERSON	So, you really believe you were the chosen one? You don't realize that anybody could have dug up those letters sooner or later?

DAVID	What?

HENDERSON	Oh, you're a nobody, David.

DAVID	I understand that this isn't about me. I'm completely aware of that.

HENDERSON	I mean, the fact that you fell for Mariam Kadhar, it just shows what a pushover you really are. I mean, you held all the cards. Why didn't you just torch the letters?

DAVID	Yes, maybe I should have.

HENDERSON	Or maybe you're just not that bright. I mean, one moment you're shrewd and calculated, the next you're a fucking wimp. I'm too old for this kind of crap.
			
DORIS	So, you're hot stuff right now.

DAVID	Thank you. Thank you, Doris.
			
DAVID	That man. He's following me... on several occasions. I'm certain of it. He walks with a limp. You can't mistake that.

EDGAR L	Have you any idea why?

DAVID	I wouldn't come to you if I had. Can you help me with this? Do you know who he is?

EDGAR L	You're a public figure now. You never told me what profession you're in.

DAVID	Of course, it's got nothing to do with Eva. Do you know who he is?
 
EDGAR L	Let's do it this way. I'll see what I can do. But it will cost you. And I can't promise any results. I'll call you.
						
DAVID	One lasagna to go, please.

HENDERSON	The limping man. Interesting title for your little novel. No,  seriously, who was he?

DAVID	We'll come to that. Something else came in between.

REPORTER	So, she was given a pen and paper?

POLICE WOMAN	Just a small pencil.

REPORTER	And then what happened?

POLICE WOMAN	When the doors unlocked, she was found lying face down on the floor. When she was turned over, there were small spots of blood on the floor, coming from her eye. She had stuck the pencil into her eye.

REPORTER	The whole pencil?

POLICE WOMAN	Yes. Should be quite impossible, but in this case...

NEWS READER	Thank you. We repeat that Mariam Kadhar, the wife of the late author, Germund Rein, recently sentenced to 12 years, took her own life in the Burgislaan remand prison. Mariam Kadhar was 39... years old.

DAVID	Three years earlier, I had fallen, and it was a hard fall. Days and nights at the hospital, my self-disgust torn me... to shreds. A secret that I had to keep hidden... deep inside. Never able to confess the truth of what I had done to Eva. Never able to tell a soul. You're actually the first one to hear my story. Never-ending nightmares. Managing the medication, down us to send me to sleep... or up us to wake me up. The slow recovery. Now, I was edging close to the precipice... again. In my defense, I would like to say I was rational during the time that followed. Methodical, unhurried, I allowed alcohol to rule my existence without any other purpose... than to achieve a sustainable level of unconsciousness, without ever going over the top. I've been there before and I know what it's all about. A strictly clinical drinking bout where I kept the process under control... at all times. Hello?

EDGAR L	Well, well, David Schwartz. I first thought, of course, that it had something to do with your job. That publisher doesn't seem to look upon you very kindly.

DAVID	But it wasn't? So who was he... then? Why is he following me?

EDGAR L	One thing at a time. I recognized the man in the photo. He's a former police commissioner. Now retired and actually freelancing in my line of business, so I contacted him. And he was in fact hired to follow you. And naturally, he didn't want to reveal the identity of his client.

DAVID	But?

EDGAR L	Everything has a price. And I'd suppose that money wasn't... an issue in this...

DAVID	I already told you that.

EDGAR L	But it seems as if both of you wanted to find each other.
 
DAVID	Who?

EDGAR L	You and Eva.

DAVID	Eva hired him?

EDGAR L	Exactly. When my collaborator saw her in Wassingen, she wasn't on her way home. She has an apartment but on the other side of town. She was simply on her way to see my colleague. He had an office there at the time. She spotted you here in Maardam, hired him to keep track... of your whereabouts.

DAVID	Edita... Sobranska?

EDGAR L	I guess she changed her name.
						
EVA	So, you decided to come now?

DAVID	Yes, here I am. Hello.

MAURITZ	Hello.
 			
DAVID	You've been living here a long time?

EVA	Three years.

DAVID	Ever since?

MAURITZ	Ever since then. Yes. Come. We're going for a nap now.

EVA	Sleep tight, sweetheart.

MAURITZ	And I'll leave the door open.
 
EVA	I just made some teas. So, how long are you staying?

DAVID	Sorry?

EVA	In Maardam. How long are you gonna be staying?

DAVID	Not much longer. My job is finished.

EVA	So I've heard. Do you really believe they killed him? Rein?

DAVID	Yes.

EVA	And then she commits suicide.

DAVID	I've left all that behind me now. What's her name?
 			
EVA	Paula. She's almost three now.

DAVID	I thought so. Is everything all right?

EVA	She's the best thing that ever happened to me.

DAVID	What happened, Eva? What happened in Graues?

EVA	I think you should leave now.

DAVID	I need to know what happened.

EVA	You ask me what happened. You have no right whatsoever.

DAVID	No right?
			
EVA	Maybe that's the worst part of it all that you don't even understand that. Do you know how many times I've thought about this, David? (Sighs) What if we'd bump into each other one day, you and I? Even if it's the last thing I ever wanted. But if...only a chance in a million that it would happen, but still a possibility. In a tram, or an airport somewhere in the world. Suddenly you'd stand in front of me and ask, "What happened?" What happened? What should I say? What should I do? After a hundred sleepless nights, David, I've decided that I'm not gonna tell you. You're gonna have to live with that uncertainty for the rest of your life. You can see that as some sort of punishment... if you want.

DAVID	Eva.

EVA	And I want you to leave now. I'm not gonna tell you, David, never ever.
				
HENDERSON	Are you out of your fucking mind? You come here, accept my... hospitality and my advice... and in exchange you offer me-- bloody unforgivable... to fritter away a story like that. A sneeze... on the radio.

DAVID	A cough.

HENDERSON	A cough. What the fuck. You can't... just let it run out in the sand like a fucking piss. You just left them there without a clue as to what really happened. Hmm, are you familiar with my modest ideas in the handbook of life?

DAVID	Yeah. Of course.  But they're hardly yours, are they?

HENDERSON	You always have a choice. Either you write your own script... or you live according to someone else's. How did you figure me out?
			
			
DAVID	I realize you don't have a very high opinion of me, a simple translator? But I've read and translated your words. I... spent months, years, getting to know your style and your wording, it's out there... whether you like it or not, whether you call yourself Germund Rein or Alex Henderson. Was this complicated intrigue really necessary?

HENDERSON	Hmm, isn't that obvious? What the hell do you think? Suspicion has to grow slowly. Do you think any of this would have worked if they found themselves in the limelight too soon?

DAVID	They never planned to kill you, did they?

HENDERSON	You know... as well as I do. This is how it had to end. The end speaks for itself, right?!
			
DAVID	What about Mariam's death?

HENDERSON	Well, that's got nothing to do with it. Uh-hmm, she wrote that chapter. It wasn't in my... script. Who the hell are you to judge me? You actually tried to kill your own wife for fuck's sake. And here she is in the pink, living in domestic bliss with Mauritz Wankler...Winkler, whatever his fucking name is. (Sighs) This isn't how you thought your story would end, is it? Hmm? David? Never even know what really happened? I need a proper drink.
			
			
			
DAVID	So, how did it happen?

HENDERSON	What?

DAVID	The flight?
 
HENDERSON	There wasn't any flight. Alex Henderson had been an existence for many years by that time. Even you should realize that by now. He took a... plane to Athens. That's all.

DAVID	You weren't drunk that night in Behrensee, were you?

HENDERSON	Tipsy... at most.

DAVID	I think you were bloody lucky.

HENDERSON	Uh-hmm. Uh-hmm. Uh-hmm. Bullshit.
 		
DAVID	Feels like you owe me a debt of gratitude, don't you think? I was the one who did your dirty work.

HENDERSON	Me? Thank you. Should the puppeteer thank the puppet for her dance?
			
DAVID	I think it's time I left.I must find my way back to the road before it gets too dark.

HENDERSON	You realize there's little point in squealing. My identity is water tight, has been... for a long time.
 			
DAVID	So I've understood.

HENDERSON	Good. Being a bad loser can be so unbecoming.

DAVID	It's just that I've found it really hard to accept Mariam's fate.

HENDERSON	You didn't kill her, neither did I.

DAVID	What about Germund Rein?

HENDERSON	He's dead.
			
			
			
 



			
			
			

