SERIE DIABETE
EP. 20 TATOUAGE
(SIMON)


1 (01:00:00:00)

SIMON	Hi everybody. So today, I decided to talk about something which might seem a little off topic but does have something to do with diabetes: getting a tattoo. I have quite a few friends who already have tattoos, and others who want to get one. This made me realise how many people are getting tattoos and I thought it could be an interesting subject to talk about from a diabetes point of view.

OUT (01:00:17:09)

INSERT	GENERATION T-1


2 (01:00:25:02)

SIMON	First, let me take a moment for a personal message before I get started: Mummy, no need to worry, I won't get a tattoo right away, okay? So, take a deep breath in, and breath out. And now back to our video. First of all, let me reassure you, there are no contraindications for people with diabetes. There are just a couple of things you need to know in order to get tattooed in the best possible conditions. I'll spare you guys the obvious checklist, like finding a good tattoo artist or studio you feel comfortable with or not getting tattooed by that drunk guy you met at a party, you know, things like that.


3 (01:00:52:24)

SIMON	Hey__ Guys like that, just forget'em!


4 (01:00:58:08)

SIMON	The first thing you guys need to remember is that you should get tattooed only if your diabetes is mostly well-managed. And that is very important if you want it to properly heal. For those who don't know about it yet, a glycaemic imbalance can potentially cause healing problems in people with diabetes. Your main goal is to avoid having any kind of complication, like infections, etcetera. When you get a tattoo, you want to end up with something that's nice to look at, not something that is all infected and gross. So, if you really want to get a tattoo, but your diabetes isn't totally well-managed, you should wait until your system reaches a glycaemic balance. You might also want to talk it over with your tattoo artist and see what advice they have to give you.


5 (01:01:33:06)

SIMON	Another important thing... you shouldn't get tattooed on certain areas. The first thing you should do is avoid all your injection areas. You should also avoid the areas where you have your cannula, your pod or even your sensor. So basically avoid: your biceps, your abdomen, your thighs, and also your buttocks. When you think about it, it's logical. But at the same time, most people, who want to get a tattoo, want it on their upper arm. Having to avoid these areas is even more important today with all the new devices, like sensors and cannulas. That's why you can't get a tattoo just anywhere.


6 (01:02:01:19)

SIMON	The other solution, if you really want to get tattooed on the back of your arm is, of course, to avoid injecting yourself or having a sensor inserted under your skin while you're healing. It's also very important for you to properly follow the aftercare instructions correctly during the healing period, which can range anywhere between two weeks to a month. That usually entails properly cleaning the tattooed area, and regularly applying the prescribed ointment to it. Once you know that, you have the same restrictions as everyone else during the healing period: no sea, no sun.


7 (01:02:27:06)

SIMON	Those are the major things to know, but, still only remain recommendations even if it's important to have as many facts as possible before doing something. So, let me say this again: mummy, no need to worry, there's no message hidden in here. Deep breath... and Calm down! Until next time. See ya!

OUT (01:02:45:01)
