(IN FAMOUS)


Arielle	I believe in fate.

Arielle	I believe the universe has a plan for me for you for everybody.

Arielle	A destiny really.

Arielle	So my question is is this my destiny?

Arielle	Is this what I've been fighting for?

Arielle	Oh.

Arielle	Hi my name is Arielle. And for as long as I can remember I knew I was going to be famous.

Music	Sink or swim ?

Music	Our lives begin ?

Music	And all that's lost is what we should have been ?

Music	More than I ever was ?

Music	More than I ever was ?

Music	Keep or kill just stay still ?

Music	And all that's lost is what we could have been ?

Music	More than I ever was ?

Music	More than I ever was ?

Arielle	Ew what is he doing here?

Janet	Hey club called me in. Some of the girls didn't show again. Bobby's gonna stick around until I get back.

Arielle	So what he just got locked out of his fucking trailer again or kicked out this time.

Janet	Quit your bitchin' Arielle.

Bobby	Fucking assholes.

Arielle	Mom I don't need a babysitter and he's got his own place. This is our house.

Janet	It is my house. You start paying rent you can tell me who gets to stay here. Leftover KFC in the fridge.

Arielle	She is way too fucking good for you you know that?

Bobby	But you ain't.

Arielle	You're a real piece of shit.

Bobby	Got any pot?

Arielle	Yeah I do and guess who's not fucking getting any?

Music	Make some noise ?

Music	Hands in the air ?

Music	Make some noise ?

Music	Turn up burn up that's automatic ?

Music	Work that work that think I'm gonna grab it ?

Music	 Tell me what the fuck I gotta do ?

Girl in Club	Hey!

Arielle	What the fuck?

Arielle	Bitch!

Woman in Club	Get that bitch!

Kelsey	Maybe if you weren't such a slut.

Arielle	She's a cunt.

Kelsey	The video is everywhere.

Emma	Yeah even my cousins and his friends said they saw it.

Stacey	I can't believe Jeremy hasn't liked any of my fucking photos from last night.

Dean	Are you gonna say something?

Arielle	I uh I never really seen you around here before.

Dean	You saw me yesterday.

Arielle	Well I meant before that.

Arielle	What are you doing?

Dean	My cylinder is misfiring.

Arielle	Okay.

Dean	I'm staying with my dad.

Arielle	So are you gonna be staying around for a while then?

Dean	For a time at least.

Arielle	What's your name?

Dean	It's Dean.

Dean	Dean Taylor.

Dean	You?

Arielle	You gotta earn my name first grease monkey.

Arielle	Well see you around Dean Taylor.

Arielle	Two first names.

Customer	I'll have the Cobb salad and an iced tea.

Arielle	Okay.

Emma	I swear to God Jason told me.

Stacey	Your cousin's the biggest bullshit artist alive.

Emma	He is not.

Stacey	He lies about everything even stupid stuff.

Kelsey	It's true.

Emma	Whatever 'cause he was totally in prison.

Arielle	Wait who went to prison?

Stacey	Dean Taylor.

Emma	His dad owns that shitty mechanic shop over on 2nd.

Arielle	Well half the fucking town's in prison. I mean he seems pretty all right.

Kelsey	Wait I thought he was like living with his mom in Kentucky or something?

Emma	No his mom is dead.

Kelsey	She didn't die she's just insane.

Stacey	Did you fuck him?

Arielle	No but I did put his dick in my mouth.

Arielle	Fuck you Stacey.

Kelsey	Wouldn't be all that surprising.

Arielle	God.

Stacey	I mean he's like totally fuckable.

Emma	Prison fuckable.

Stacey	I'd still do him.

Kelsey	Ew.

Music	Back to this time ?

Music	When things were over ?

Music	Back to this time ?

Music	When you wouldn't have been able ?

Music	I found your heartbeat racing over ?

Music	I said your name and don't be scared ?

Music	Just as long as we're together ?

Arielle	Hey.

Dean	Hey.

Arielle	Get lost.

Girl at Party	Slut.

Dean	You're a little firecracker aren't you?

Arielle	So what are you doing here?

Dean	Well I'd say that information is at least worth a name.

Arielle	Mm.

Arielle	Not Ariel okay?

Arielle	My mom she fucking named me after a mermaid but ain't nobody ever gonna call me Ariel.

Dean	Arielle then.

Dean	What about your old man he around?

Arielle	Well Daddy called me an accident and then. Last time I ever saw him.

Dean	I got one like that too.

Arielle	Yeah except you're staying with yours.

Dean	I don't got a choice.

Arielle	They say you were in prison.

Dean	They?

Arielle	It's such a small town. A juicy piece of gossip like that would not fly under the radar.

Arielle	So is it true?

Dean	Yeah it's true.

Arielle	So what did they put you in prison for?


Dean	Armed robbery and assault.

Arielle	Oh that's exciting.

Dean	It is what it is.

Dean	My parole requires I be with a parent and my mom's dead so I'm with my dad.

Arielle	Well I'm sorry about your mama.

Arielle	So what's your dad's problem then?

Dean	He's a fucking lousy drunk and he's bigger than me.

Arielle	Ah.

Arielle	Do you believe in like um like fate and cosmic coincidences and all that?

Dean	Ah not really.

Arielle	Well you know there's a lot to the universe that is way beyond our understanding. Have you ever heard of the idea of like if you put out what you want into the universe that it'll give it you?

Dean	What do you ask the universe for?

Arielle	Mm.

Arielle	Maybe if I'm worth it you'll have the chance to find out.

Arielle	I don't know I just I do know that first I need to get the fuck out of Florida because fuck this place seriously. And I've just I've been saving up a bunch of money and I'm just gonna leave.

Dean	All alone?

Arielle	Maybe.

Arielle	Maybe somebody will wanna come with me.

Music	Devil run chased me out in the dark ?

Music	Watched the flames chased its tail ?

Music	Tracing back to the spark ?

Music	We left so we can light up the stars ?

Music	Now we are ?

Arielle	I like to think about getting famous. 'Cause people around here you know all they see is what's literally right in front of them but not me.

Arielle	'Cause the world is so much bigger and vast and beautiful.

Music	We run into the last night ?

Music	Jog till the day breaks ?

Music	Until the light fades ?

Music	You know that you're the one for me ?

Music	I can't believe it ?

Music	If our hearts could fly ?

Arielle	'Cause right now nobody gives a fuck about me. Nobody cares who I am. But that's all gonna change. People are gonna be following me wondering what I'm doing where I'm going.

Dean	How?

Arielle	I don't know yet. I do know that the first stop is Hollywood.

Arielle	Us going to Hollywood.

Dean	Yeah not sure my PO would approve of that.

Arielle	Yeah well life's got a really funny way of working itself out so we just gotta put it out there.

Dean	You wanna see something?

Dean	You've gotta keep it a secret.

Arielle	Ooh.

Dean	It's a .45. It's big.

Dean	It'll stop anyone coming your way.

Arielle	You look sexy with that.

Dean	All right. Two hands two hands.

Dean	Okay.

Dean	Just aim and squeeze. Hold it firm watch the recoil.

Arielle	Okay.

Arielle	Uh!

Dean	Try again.

Arielle	Ooh.

Dean	Ah close!

Dean	Yeah!

Arielle	Oh uh uh! Baby!

Dean	Oh yeah.

Arielle	Oh.

Dean	Go again.

Arielle	Okay.

Kelsey	We're not attacking you. We've just heard things and we're worried about you.

Arielle	Why 'cause of some shit her stupid dipshit cousin said?

Kelsey	Hey!

Stacey	You're getting mad.

Arielle	Because why are you all attacking me?

Stacey	He killed somebody.

Arielle	He did not kill anybody.

Arielle	See this is why you guys need to get your panties out of Dean's problems and in your own because all you give a fuck about is prom or who fucked who.

Kelsey	Yeah and how does this end for you? We're just telling you to watch out.

Arielle	It ends with me getting the fuck out of this place okay? Because I ain't spending the rest of my life in some stupid speed trap town.

Stacey	And what you're gonna go off and get famous with some shit like that?

Arielle	Yes that's exactly what I'm gonna do.

Stacey	And what are you gonna get famous for?

Emma	People are talking.

Arielle	Like I give a flying fuck what anybody else thinks! Fuck you guys!

Arielle	Bitches.

Arielle	What?

Arielle	What the fuck?

Arielle	God oh fuck fuck this is bad.

Arielle	Hey fuck face!

Bobby	Hey!

Arielle	Where is it huh?

Janet	Goddamn it!

Bobby	Get the fucking fuck outta here!

Arielle	Calm down Ma everyone's already seen your tits.

Janet	What are you doing in here?

Bobby	Get the fuck out!

Janet	Oh God!

Arielle	Where the fuck is it?

Janet	Ariel what the fuck are you doing here?

Arielle	Arielle for the last time Mom God!

Janet	Shut your mouth!

Arielle	Where is it huh?

Arielle	Where is it you piece of shit?

Arielle	He stole my money Ma.

Janet	Baby I'm so sorry. She's crazy.

Arielle	Ma he stole my fucking money!

Bobby	Oh my God you are...

Janet	Nobody stole your what the fuck are you talking about?

Arielle	You piece of shit! Where is it! It was right next to where I... Ma, where I put my money Ma.

Bobby	I told you she's fucking insane.

Janet	Don't fucking talk to him like that.

Arielle	He stole my money Ma!

Bobby	I know you're pissed, I didn't take your fucking money Ariel!

Arielle	Yes you did God! Oh my God! What other big four loser mooches off my mom huh? Who else would have done it?

Bobby	No I...

Janet	Stop it!

Bobby	You're such a cunt.

Janet	Arielle.

Arielle	I saved up every time I could working in that fucking shit hole!

Janet	Get off him! Get of of him!

Arielle	I hate you!

Bobby	You fucking bitch!


Arielle	I will fucking kill you.

Janet	What did you just say? Jesus Christ Bobby said he didn't do it. He didn't fucking do it!

Arielle	Fuck you both!

Arielle	Fuck!

Arielle	Come on come on.

Dean	Hey it's Dean leave a message.

Arielle	Fuck!

Arielle	Dean!

Arielle	Dean?

Dean	Fuck off!

Arielle	Dean?

Father	Fuck off!

Dean	Fuck you. Fuck!

Arielle	What the fuck are you doing?

Father	Piece of shit!

Arielle	What the fuck are you doing?

Father	Fucking worthless piece of shit what the?

Arielle	Get off!

Arielle	Fucking get off of him!

Father	Fucking bitch!

Dean	Hey!

Father	Huh yeah?

Dean	Arielle?

Arielle	Oh oh fuck.

Arielle	Oh shit.

Dean	Is he is he?

Arielle	Yeah.

Dean	Fuck.

Arielle	Yeah.

Dean	Fuck it was an accident I I didn't.

Arielle	Yeah it was an accident. It was an accident. You were defending yourself.

Dean	Arielle there gonna fucking there gonna fucking find him like this and they're gonna put this on me they're gonna bring me back!

Arielle	No. No no no you're not going anywhere okay? You're you'll.

Dean	No. Look they're gonna...

Arielle	Hey?

Arielle	It's fine it's fine okay? You're not going back we'll leave. That's what we'll do and they'll never find us.

Dean	No. Arielle I'm fucked.

Arielle	It doesn't matter.

Dean	I'm fucked.

Arielle	Hey it's done now okay? The only thing that matters is you and me. So we'll leave. Tonight.

Dean	Right now.

Arielle	Okay.

Dean	Ah do you have any money?

Arielle	No not anymore.

Dean	I'm sorry about that.

Arielle	Yeah well.

Dean	We're gonna need some fucking cash.

Arielle	Did you bring the gun?

Dean	All right I'm gonna drive in hop out run inside quick and you wait outside with the car.

Arielle	What?

Dean	You just keep the car ready.

Arielle	I'm not waiting outside.

Dean	Look baby doll

Arielle	Baby I will stay by the door I'll keep an eye on the car we'll keep it running but I'm coming in. I'm not standing outside.

Dean	Hope you like green.

Arielle	You're in luck.

Dean	Motherfucker everything in the bag right now or I'll fucking kill you!

Dean	All the fucking cash let's go!

Dean	Don't fucking look at her!

Dean	Hurry hurry hurry.

Dean	Now the fucking safe the fucking safe.

Black Clerk	It's on a timer.

Dean	Bullshit it's not on a fucking time this is a 711. Open the fucking safe before I crack your fucking skull! Go!

Dean	Jesus fuck!

Arielle	He looks so scared.

Dean	You are a stupid motherfucker! How are we looking out there baby doll?

Arielle	Yeah we're good baby. Hey hey what the fuck are you staring at? You may think I'm sweet and innocent but you better finish putting the goddamn money in the motherfucking bag or the last thing you'll ever remember is just how wrong you were. Move bitch!

Dean	Yeah fuck yeah let's go! Cell phone. Give me your fucking cell phone.

Black Clerk	Okay okay.

Dean	Baby doll get the car the ready.

Dean	Get on the fucking floor! Down!

Arielle	Oh my God oh my God oh my God! Holy shit!

Dean	Whoo!

Arielle	Baby how much money do you think is in this fucking bag? Oh my God! Pour it on me...

Dean	Oh yeah!

Arielle	Pour it on... Oh whoo! I'm fucking rich whoo!

Arielle	Dead presidents motherfucker!

Arielle	I love you to pieces Dean Taylor.

Dean	The way I figure it we got about 2000 miles to cover and gas is gonna run us about uh... Hey? Are you listening?

Arielle	Yeah sorry my phone's been blowing up all morning.

Dean	Why?

Phone Dean	Now the fucking safe the fucking safe! It's on a timer!

Dean	How the?

Arielle	Hon what? I posted it.

Dean	You posted why the fuck would you post that?

Arielle	Because I thought it would be something people wanna see and they do. Well so I took some other photos too of the money and stuff. They're cool and I created a new account. Last night zero followers. This morning 3000 followers. 3000 people like what we do.
Dean	People are watching that shit?

Arielle	Yes look they're liking they're sharing it. There's a few pretty fly comments.

Dean	I don't get it.

Arielle	Baby something like this could make us famous.

Dean	No you can't go posting about our exploits on the internet 'cause the cops are gonna fucking figure us out Arielle.

Arielle	No I'm not gonna get us caught okay? I have an IP blocker easy. I'll never show our faces. Look fame equals money equals getting out of this shitty fucked up town which is what we're trying to do anyway. Dean I told you I wanted to be famous. And nobody cares of about like some random girl from the Redneck Riviera okay? Now a couple of teenagers robbing their way across America that's worth following.

Dean	I don't know. It feels like an easy way to get ourselves arrested.

Arielle	I already said I'm not showing our faces.

Dean	Well like I was saying we're gonna need more money all right? We're almost outta what we got last night and the liquor stores are paying shit.

Arielle	So?

Dean	Well I was thinking when I was prison they brought in this guy named Chester and it turns out he was arrested for trying to rip off a dispensary.

Arielle	Like stealing weed?

Dean	No that's the thing he was going for the money. So I looked into it and apparently dispensaries are having trouble getting bank accounts. Credit card companies don't wanna handle their transactions so it's...

Arielle	Cash.

Dean	Yes and lot's of it. Plus the way I see it security is light and local police and FBI aren't gonna give a fuck about a weed store getting ripped off.

Arielle	Okay okay I like it. I like it but I ain't no getaway driver.

Arielle	Baby needs a gun.

Arielle	Oh man it can't be this easy.


Dean	How do you think I got mine? Private gun sales in Florida don't require background check. We just gotta find the right one.

Dean	Oh.

Dean	Boom.

Arielle	Ooh yeah Mommy likey.

Dean	Gotta love America.

Arielle	Do you feel it?

Dean	Feel what?

Arielle	Power. Like knowing what we did last night and that we could do anything like realistically we could rob anyone on this beach and turn them all into whimpering little bitches. I know that it was just last night but like it really feels like a long time ago. In a weird way. But I just keep thinking about how all my friends like woke up this morning went to school and did the same shit that they usually do and it's just all the same but now it's all gone it's so weird. Now it's just you and me baby.

Dean	God those lips.

Arielle	Ooh look babe we're going up followers.

Arielle	Oh shit baby the gun guy he agreed.

Dean	Fuck yeah.

Arielle	Can we do it?

Dean	Let's go get some money.

Dean	All right your turn.

Arielle	What?

Dean	You wanna do this.

Dean	Whoa let me taste those lips first.

Dean	All yours.

Arielle	Can you do me the honors?

Dean	Fuck I'll try.

Arielle	Okay.

Arielle	Ah now I'm feeling kinda nervous.

Dean	That's okay. You'll do fine.

Arielle	And I just ask them where the safe is right?

Dean	That's where all the money is.

Arielle	Ooh!

Arielle	Hand ups you piece of shit!

Fat Clerk	Fuck!

Arielle	Hands up!

Arielle	That's right hey I got a question.

Arielle	You got a safe?

Fat Clerk	Yeah it's in the back.

Arielle	Okay show it to me.

Fat Clerk	Are you recording?

Arielle	Show it to me.

Dean	Fuck yes.

Arielle	Yeah stop looking at him you fucking idiot all right? Eyes on the prize! Let's go! Let's go!

Fat Clerk	But I don't know the combo.

Arielle	What? What he doesn't know the combo!

Dean	He's fucking lying.

Arielle	Uh huh get down. Get fucking down.

Fat Clerk	Please.

Arielle	Hey you think I'm an idiot? Hmm you think I'm illiterate? You think that I don't know that you know what the fuck I'm talking about? Put in the fucking combo!

Fat Clerk	All right.

Dean	I wouldn't fucking mess with her man.

Arielle	That's right.

Arielle	Come on faster faster what's taking you so damn long?

Arielle	Oh what you wanna die a little pussy virgin because over a couple hundred bucks? Well I mean be my guest. Be my fucking guest now open the goddamn safe now!

Fat Clerk	All right!

Arielle	Good put it in.

Arielle	Let's go.

Arielle	Let's go.

Dean	Quick quick.

Dean	That's good babe.

Dean	Don't forget the phone.

Arielle	All right all right.

Arielle	Cell phone.

Arielle	On the floor.

Arielle	Watch it.

Arielle	Oh oh my God.

Arielle	Okay.

Arielle	Okay okay okay.

Arielle	Whoo!

Dean	Fuck yeah.

Arielle	Oh my God!

Arielle	Baby!

Arielle	Skittles?

Tim	I put a few rounds through but she's all right.

Dean	Trigger pull?

Tim	About five pounds.

Tim	It's got a nice roll on it too. Sneaks up on ya.

Dean	Magazines?

Tim	I got two in addition to the one that's currently on the gun.

Arielle	What do you think baby you like it?

Dean	Yep you like it?

Arielle	Freeze! Yeah!

Dean	Want her?

Tim	Yes sir.

Arielle	Hands up motherfucker!

Dean	And ammo?

Arielle	Get on the fucking ground right now.

Tim	You're looking at it.

Dean	You got it in .45 and 9?

Tim	I can put magazines in 'em.

Dean	Can you throw that shit in too?

Arielle	Oh yeah baby I look hot with this gun.

Tim	Here's the magazine right there.

Dean	Now anyone comes asking you about this gun what are you gonna say?

Tim	Well I'll tell 'em that the great state of Florida says it's none of your goddamn business.

Dean	Let's go babe.

Dean	Goddamn I'm gonna miss Florida.

Dean	Let's go have some fun.

Arielle	That sounds like a mighty fine idea baby.

Arielle	Whoo!

Music	I get off this rush like when we touch ?

Music	I can feel the blood run round my veins ?

Music	If we fall fast we can make this last ?

Arielle	Mm hmm.

Music	Another chance to start again ?

Music	It's my life and I'm gonna break it ?

Music	It's my life but I'm gonna take it ?

Music	I'm gonna leave this leave it all behind ?

Music	They all watch and they all follow ?

Music	All their feelings about tomorrow ?

Music	It's too late I'm not waiting anymore ?

Music	Because that's when I'll run with you ?

Music	Get a rush when I run with you ?

Music	Yeah that's when I run with you ?

Music	Get a rush when I run with you ?

Music	Get a rush when I run with you ?

Music	Get a rush when I run with you ?

Dean	Well the universe answered.

Blonde Anchor	The videos captured during the robberies and uploaded to social media are the work Arielle Summers and Dean Taylor a Florida couple wanted in connection with a sleight of dispensary robberies across the south. They're also wanted for questioning in the death of Taylor's father. The couple followed by millions of people on social media have been called a modern day Bonnie and Clyde.

Dean	Arielle this is not fucking good. They have our names and they have our pictures. We are fucked.

Arielle	We're not fucked. We're famous.

Dean	Are you fucking kidding me? Do you not see this is a big big fucking problem? There's a lot of land between us and Hollywood which means a lot of fucking cops to avoid so your social media game is fucking over.

Arielle	Dean.

Dean	Look I told you to be careful okay? Not get us fucking caught.

Arielle	Baby the videos didn't get us caught the robberies did. And they were gonna figure that out eventually. The videos just confirm it.

Dean	Yeah yeah yeah just fucking evidence for them. Awesome now they have everything that they fucking need.

Arielle	Which is irrelevant if we don't get arrested.

Dean	How the fuck do you think this ends? You think being famous for this fucking shit is just gonna absolve you from the crime?

Arielle	How many celebrities have you seen get off easy?

Dean	It's not gonna fucking work like that all right?

Arielle	It can't hurt.

Arielle	Plus I already told you what I wanted.

Dean	Yeah and I told you.

Dean	Are you fucking kidding me?

Dean	Fuck.

Arielle	We can out run 'em.

Arielle	Speed up.

Arielle	Baby speed up.

Dean	No.

Dean	Just shut up.

Arielle	You better watch your fucking mouth.

Dean	Don't start nothing.

Dean	Is there a problem officer?

Florida Officer	License and registration.

Arielle	Um I'm sorry officer we're just a little bit lost. You see we're um we're road trippin' up to Austin to see my mama and it's so funny I don't know why we can't seem to find it.

Florida Officer	Do you know how fast you were going?

Arielle	Oh that's my bad actually.

Arielle	I do love to go fast and my boyfriend here loves to indulge me from time to time. We just didn't think we were hurting anybody out this late.

Florida Officer	Just stay in the car

Arielle	He's gonna fucking figure it out.

Arielle	Oh God.

Dean	Arielle wait.

Arielle	No. Um excuse me officer? I know we were driving a little fast but we're just gonna try and be on our way now.

Florida Officer	Miss get back in your vehicle.

Florida Officer	Miss you need to get back in the vehicle.

Arielle	I think... no foul right because...

Dean	Fuck!

Florida Officer	Get back in the car ma'am.

Dean	Officer she's just had a bad day let us just get outta here.

Florida Officer	Sir I need you to get back in your vehicle right now.

Arielle	I have every right

Dean	Arielle shut the fuck up!

Arielle	I told you to fucking watch your mouth!

Florida Officer	Both of you get in your vehicle right now!

Dean	Officer please we can.

Florida Officer	Get down.

Arielle	Oh.

Florida Officer	Get on the ground. Both of you now on the ground.

Arielle	Ooh!

Arielle	Okay.

Florida Officer	Hands on your head! Hands on your heads.

Dean	Officer let's just...

Florida Officer	Shut up.

Florida Officer	Fuck.

Florida Officer	Dispatch...

Arielle	Okay.

Dean	What the fuck?

Arielle	Okay okay. Okay okay.

Arielle	We should leave. We should fucking leave. Dean get in the car. Dean get in the fucking car now God! Go!

White Clerk	Can I help you? Hello miss? Do you need some help with something?

Arielle	No I'm all right.

White Clerk	You sure you just been staring off there for the last few minutes.

Arielle	When are we gonna leave here?

Arielle	Baby?

Dean	I don't know.
Arielle	Well

Arielle	I'm gonna have to post something soon.

Arielle	'Cause fans are leaving comments angry ones and we're losing followers so it's not good.

Dean	I don't fucking care. They're not the ones facing the death penalty.

Arielle	Well can't stay here forever. You promised me Hollywood baby.

Dean	Arielle you killed a fucking cop.

Dean	Do you understand that? Do you know what that fucking means?

Arielle	You wanna talk to me like I'm fucking illiterate? I know what I did.

Dean	Then you know that killing people much less fucking cops was not part of the plan.

Arielle	Well you'd be in jail right now.

Dean	No we'd be in jail. And you don't know that 'cause we could have fucking knocked him out or done something else.

Arielle	He had a fucking gun on you. What was I supposed to do just wait around and see what happens?

Dean	I don't fucking know but killing that cop has landed us in a world of fucking shit.

Arielle	I did that for us baby.

Arielle	I love you.

Arielle	And I want us to always be together. I was not gonna let you go back to jail.

Dean	Arielle shut the fuck up! You did that for you or whatever bullshit fucking fame game you're chasing.

Dean	We're staying put till I say so.

Arielle	You better fucking say so 'cause I ain't made to be no housewife.

Arielle	The world needs us. The world needs you.

Arielle	Hands up you stupid little bitch! That's right you're gonna listen to me okay? Because if you don't oh I don't know it could be your last day.

White Clerk	Do you even know how to use that little lady?

White Clerk	Shit!

Arielle	Now you're gonna listen to me good. You're gonna put all the money from the register in there now! Go on come on I haven't got all fucking day.

White Clerk	You're her aren't ya? I knew it I knew that was you the other day. When you was just sitting over there staring off into space.

Arielle	Faster come on bitch!

White Clerk	Now you're in over your head.

Customer	Hey!

Arielle	Shit shit!

Arielle	No fuck! Fuck! Fuck!

White Clerk	Fuck!

Arielle	Fuck you!

Arielle	Fuck fuck fuck!

Arielle	Fuck fuck fuck!

Arielle	Dean Dean I fucked up!


Dean	What?

Arielle	I fucked up we gotta go.

Dean	What the fuck happened?

Arielle	We need to go.

Dean	Jesus Christ what the fuck happened to your arm?

Arielle	I got shot.

Dean	You got fucking shot? We gotta wrap that right now. Come here. What the fuck did you do?

Arielle	He saw me he saw me. He recognized the car.

Dean	Who who?

Arielle	So he knew it was me.

Arielle	We need to fucking go!

Dean	What the fuck happened?

Arielle	Right now!

Dean	What the fuck?

Arielle	I tried to rip off the mart on Highway 2 right? And the guy this guy walked in so I got distracted and the clerk

Dean	Fucking Christ why would you do that? We have enough fucking money!

Arielle	This is not about the fucking money Dean obviously!

Arielle	But you know he saw me before and he recognized me. And so maybe this time he won't actually call the cops.

Dean	Are you fucking nuts?

Arielle	Don't you call me fucking nuts!

Dean	There is a huge fucking reward on our heads! You don't think he's gonna fucking cash in on that? Let's get the fuck outta here before they set up roadblocks.

Dean	All right get in the back and stay down.

Dean	Fuck!

Arielle	Fuck this is bleeding a lot. Like a lot.

Dean	Fuck!

Dean	Hold on!

Dean	Gonna need your help babe!

Arielle	Okay. Okay. Okay. Uh okay. I can't hold it for long!

Dean	Not yet!

Arielle	Dean tell me when!

Dean	Now!

Arielle	Get 'em baby!

Arielle	Shit.

Dean	Now the whole fucking state of Texas knows we're here.

Arielle	Oh fuck.

Arielle	Oh my God. It's starting to burn what do I do?

Dean	Jesus there's gotta be something in one of the bags gauze or whatever.

Arielle	Okay.

Arielle	Where'd you put the bag?

Dean	What bag?

Arielle	The bag with all of the fucking money it.

Dean	I thought that you grabbed it.

Arielle	No I thought you grabbed it!

Dean	I grabbed the bag with the fucking guns!

Dean	Check again!

Arielle	Oh shit.

Arielle	I think I'd fucking see it. It's a huge duffel bag filled with money. I don't think it's hiding in the goddamn glove compartment!

Dean	Jesus fucking Christ! We gotta go back.

Arielle	We can't go back are you crazy? There's cops everywhere.

Dean	Arielle that money was everything that we fucking had!

Arielle	Well you shouldn't have fucking rushed me out the house!

Dean	Fuck!

Arielle	Ow fuck babe watch it. Oh my God. Oh this hurts so much more than I thought it would.

Dean	Yep that's getting shot.

Arielle	Yeah I know.

Arielle	You ever been shot?

Dean	Nope.

Arielle	Well then baby I guess I got you beat.

Arielle	Thanks. Oh okay okay. Real quick take a photo of me.

Dean	You are fucking unbelievable.

Arielle	What? Okay I'll take it myself.

Arielle	What's your problem?

Dean	My problem? You're taking a picture of your fucking gunshot wound.

Arielle	So you know how many likes this is gonna get?

Dean	Who fucking cares about likes?

Arielle	I do.

Dean	This ain't worth it. You don't fucking get it.

Arielle	You don't fucking get it.

Dean	Guess not.

Arielle	Hey. Hey why is this so hard for you to understand huh? What don't you get about this? Why can't you see it?

Dean	Well I guess I can't see it 'cause I'm not on my fucking phone all the time.

Arielle	You don't know what this could do for us.

Dean	For us? For us this hasn't Yeah. brought us anything but fucking trouble! You and your fucking followers or whatever the fuck you call it. I don't even know what this fucking is anymore! Look we are on a road headed straight for a cliff and it scares me that you're too fucking dumb to see that.

Arielle	The universe put us here for a reason. I don't know what that reason is but the...

Dean	Yeah yeah yeah the universe? Did the fucking universe get you shot?

Arielle	Yes.

Dean	Did the fucking universe make you kill that cop? Fuck your universe! Fuck your fate and all that shit. What has it fucking done for me huh? Nothing.

Arielle	I didn't make you come with me.

Dean	No what about my dad?

Arielle	What about your dad? He was a piece of shit.

Dean	That's besides the point. I couldn't have fucking stayed there. You fucking put this on me.

Arielle	I was trying to help you. It's not my fault you're a pussy who can't stand up for himself.

Dean	Well fuck your help. Fuck your fame!

Dean	Don't you fucking. I said...

Arielle	Try me! Fucking try me Dean! Huh huh?

Arielle	I'm not gonna stop.

Dean	Yeah I know.

Dean	We're gonna need money.

Dean	I got a buddy up in Oklahoma City Kyle I met him when I was in prison in Florida. He told me to look him up if I was ever in town. Maybe he can find us something. It's out of our way though.

Arielle	Hmm.

Dean	They've made sure every county in the state knows we're here. We gotta ditch this car and find somewhere to hide. Get the fuck out of Texas.

Music	Am I supposed to run ?

Music	Run until my legs won't run anymore ?

Music	Am I supposed to jump ?

Music	Jump until I fall straight to the floor ?

Music	Ooh ooh ooh my heart's restless fight ?

Arielle	Hi.

Elle	Hello. You need help?

Arielle	Oh good lord you're a lifesaver. I am at death's door over here. Yeah my car's all jacked up and my phone died.

Elle	Well I can give you a lift.

Arielle	Oh great.

Arielle	Um random question you don't got a boyfriend or a roommate or a girlfriend? I mean I don't wanna assume at home or anything do you?

Elle	Ah no why?

Arielle	Oh great 'cause I was wondering if I could stay for a night?

Arielle	With him?

Arielle	Yes no maybe so?

Elle	Yeah.

Arielle	Yeah great. Come on baby.

Elle	You don't have to keep that thing out.

Arielle	You know there's only one person in the whole world that I trust he's right there.

Elle	I know who you are.

Arielle	What?

Elle	I mean I follow you online. I knew who you were when I pulled up.

Arielle	No shit? But you pulled up anyway.

Elle	Yeah I guess.

Elle	They said that um... you killed a cop?

Arielle	Well yeah well...

Arielle	sometimes you gotta protect the shit you love.

Dean	You don't got any beer?

Elle	I don't really drink.

Dean	Vodka? I mean every chick's got a bottle of vodka in her freezer.

Elle	Sorry.

Dean	Well at least you got food.

Brunette Anchor	Authorities are revealing that the couple was living in a foreclosed development for what could have been weeks. They made regular trips to local convenience and grocery stores. We're also told a bag was found inside the house containing very large sums of money money allegedly obtained from the many robberies the couple staged across the Southland. Authorities believe in the rush to leave it may have accidentally been left behind. Police are now worried that low on funds the couple could attempt additional robberies. After this morning's fatal shootout with the police they're believed to be armed and extremely dangerous.

Arielle	Oh wow. Now we're extremely dangerous Dean. Whoa we're really getting up there.

Arielle	Do you think we're dangerous?

Elle	Um I don't now y'all seem nice.

Arielle	You got wifi?

Elle	Yeah the network and password is on the fridge.

Dean	Can I smoke?

Dean	So Arielle tells me that you're a fan or follower whatever the fuck you wanna call it.

Elle	Yeah I guess so.

Dean	Hmm I never met a fan before. Let me ask you something. Why do you follow us?

Elle	Um.

Elle	Okay I feel like there's very little I can change. I mean I work for a telemarketing firm. You know you get a call about a special offer during dinner that's me.

Elle	I studied art in college. Couldn't get a job doing that. And now they're talking about closing the firm and moving it overseas because it's cheaper. And I have student loans.

Elle	I don't know I just feel like I'm stuck. And then there's you guys.

Elle	You stopped taking it and started giving it. I think people find that exciting. You know empowering.

Dean	I think people are just looking to waste time and we're it.

Dean	You know it's just it's fantasy. Everything about it.

Dean	I mean it ain't no way to live. I don't care who the fuck you are. You're luckier than you think.

Elle	It doesn't really matter. Um can I go to the bathroom?

Elle	I see something up ahead.

Arielle	Here we go.

Arielle	Get ready baby!

Arielle	Relax it's cool.

Black Trooper	Good morning ma'am. Can we have you two step out the car?

Arielle	Everything all right troopers? You boys sure are carrying a lot of firepower.

Black Trooper	Where are y'all headed today?

Elle	Um OSU. We're just getting back from break.

Black Trooper	ID?

Black Trooper	And you?

Arielle	What?

Black Trooper	ID?

Arielle	Well I ain't driving.

Black Trooper	You don't have an ID?

Arielle	Like I said I ain't driving. Yeah a funny story actually. I left my ID in my dorm and that's why I've got my sister here driving me back.

Black Trooper	She's your sister?

Elle	Um sorority sister.

White Trooper	We'd like for you to open the trunk.

Arielle	Don't you need a warrant or something?

Black Trooper	Are you law students?

Arielle	Year one. I don't know maybe I'm just itching for some extra credit.

Black Trooper	Well you're right. We either need a warrant or your permission. Now we'd like for you to be on your way but if you'd rather wait while we get a warrant and tear this car apart we can do that.

Elle	It's fine.

Elle	It's fine.

Arielle	See anything you like?

White Trooper	Thank you ma'am for your cooperation.

White Trooper	You ride safe.

Arielle	Well you troopers have a nice day now.

Dean	Jesus Christ it's hot as fuck in there. Oh!

Arielle	Welcome to Oklahoma baby.

Dean	Mm.

Dean	End of the line darling.

Elle	What are you gonna do to me?

Arielle	Hmm well we gave you our word. Doesn't that doesn't that count for something?

Arielle	So you saw that gas station a couple of miles back right? Okay.

Dean	Which way we headed if anyone asks?

Elle	East.

Dean	That a girl.

Arielle	I like 'em smart.

Arielle	All right baby can you close the trunk for me?

Elle	Wait.

Elle	Maybe I can maybe I can come with you?

Dean	Nope no that ain't the deal.

Arielle	Well hold on hold on.

Dean	Arielle she's not coming come on. Are you fucking crazy?

Arielle	We could...

Elle	I mean I can I can help.

Dean	No.

Arielle	Elle, this just isn't your path. That's the problem. Now there's definitely something that you need to take from this experience. There is some big change that Jesus wants you to make. Coming with us I'm sorry it just ain't it.

Dean	Elle just remember to report your car stolen. The insurance company will take care of it okay?

Arielle	Oh you know what?

Arielle	What's your username?

Elle	Bunnyropes26.

Arielle	That's cute.

Arielle	Oh that's cute we're hot. I'd date us. Okay. Oh and Elle people are really gonna wanna talk to you after this. Tell 'em something worth hearing. Fuck it tell 'em whatever you want. I don't care. All right good day now.

Arielle	She could have come with.

Dean	Yeah right. We would have gotten that girl killed.

Arielle	She was nice. She didn't put up a fuss or anything.

Dean	That's 'cause she's living in a fucking fantasy world.

Dean	Where the fuck is this place?

Arielle	What was this guy doing in a prison in Florida?

Dean	Well he was rolling through Miami on a big score. The day before some rookie cop pulls him over finds a gun on him and sends him upstate on a weapons charge. Possession. In the fucking state of Florida can you believe that?

Kyle	Brother. It's been a minute.

Arielle	Hola.

Kyle	Hola this must be the missus.

Dean	Arielle Kyle Kyle Arielle.

Kyle	Pleasure.

Arielle	Charmed.

Kyle	Well get the fuck in here come on.

Arielle	I'd love a beer.

Kyle	Yeah? Well have a seat. Welcome the fuck home you two.

Kyle	Uh beer coming up. Y'all want any weed some coke? Nothing?

Dean	I like your place.

Kyle	Thank you. We're in the middle of redecorating.

Kyle	I was expecting y'all later. I'm kinda all fucked up at the moment but.

Dean	Well low funds keep your foot to the floor right?

Kyle	They sure as shit do. They do. You guys have been busy. I've been seeing you all over the place with your little fucking adventures. Interesting approach. Being so public about it.

Arielle	We've got five million followers now.

Kyle	Five million followers.

Arielle	Mm hmm.

Kyle	You should ask all of 'em for a dollar. You won't have to rip off weed dealers.

Arielle	Where's the fun in that? You got a problem having fans?

Kyle	Mm brother I'm a fan. I mean you got a great eye. I'm gonna need you to do me a favor. Keep this place and everything in it off your little Instagram. You feel me? So how do you guys find robbing?

Dean	We like it just fine.

Kyle	Yeah I just I can't get novel approach hitting those dispensaries. You have much crowd control in those places?

Arielle	Depends on the time of day. We generally avoid 4:20 p.m. You need help with crowd control?

Kyle	We got something coming up. But I can't have any loose cannons.

Arielle	Well you ain't gotta worry about me.

Kyle	Is that what you told the cop? "You don't gotta worry about me."

Arielle	He didn't really leave me a choice.

Dean	Look she's good man all right? Better than me most of the time. What's the deal?

Kyle	I need a couple of trigger men. Trigger women. Whatever.

Arielle	Cute.

Kyle	It's a big job. A lot of real estate. It's a bank downtown.

Arielle	A bank?

Kyle	A bank. Easy six figures each. I won't even make you two split it. Well truth is you know we are short on good help these days and frankly anyone who made it through Texas without a scratch on their ass is okay in my book. But this ain't some bullshit pothead picnic. This is the real deal. You think you can handle an assault rifle?

Arielle	I got one in the back of the truck with my name on it.

Kyle	Whoa.

Dean	I don't like it.

Arielle	It's a lot of money. More than we ever made this whole time.

Dean	I thought you didn't care about money.

Arielle	I don't not really anyway. What's wrong you don't trust Kyle?

Dean	Do you?

Arielle	Big score less risk." You said that that's exactly what this is."

Dean	Banks are different.

Arielle	Well how do you know?

Dean	Because it is fucking common sense. We have never done this before. We have never worked with Kyle before. We don't know what the fuck we're walking into.

Arielle	Taking a bank would be huge.

Arielle	Think about what people will say

Dean	This isn't bullshit fucking Twitter Arielle!

Arielle	It's not fucking bullshit to me Dean! Okay people care about me. They care about what I say. They care about what I think and I like that!

Dean	Yeah what about me huh?

Dean	Does that matter to you?

Dean	Hey. Let's just go. Let's just fucking get outta here. Go to Mexico disappear.

Arielle	I can't I'm not running from this.

Dean	Why why because of fate? You can choose.

Dean	All right. If we do this if we do the bank will you leave with me after?

Arielle	Okay.

Dean	Okay.

Dean	What the fuck you doing?

Arielle	Fuck Kyle I'm not missing this.

Kyle	Everybody get the fuck down!

Robber	Move move now! Get the fuck down! I said move it.

Robber	Get me the fucking money.

Robber	Sit down bitch!

Dean	Kyle why don't you just pull the fucking alarm?

Kyle	Just having a little fun brother. Okay people here we go! Nothing like a good old-fashion bank robbery to light a fire under everyone's ass.

Arielle	On the ground on the ground.

Kyle	The keys.

Manager	Wait we don't have any.

Kyle	Let's try that again. Keys. Let's avoid being a hero today folks. Nothing in it for you. You'll just be leaving your families to wonder why you bothered to give a flying shit when you didn't have to.

Arielle	Say hi to camera.

Kyle	Check that out.

Arielle	Oh shit.

Dean	What's wrong?

Arielle	Nothing.

Robber	Hey!

Kyle	Yeah watch him.

Arielle	Play it cool.

Arielle	Play it cool.

Kyle	Fucking shit! You're really pissing me off man. Where's the fucking money?

Manager	What money? It alternates on a three week schedule. It came in yesterday morning it went out yesterday afternoon.

Dean	Kyle let's get the fuck outta here.

Kyle	No the money's here! Where the fuck are you hiding it man?

Manager	We don't hide it. Why would we hide it if we didn't know you were coming? It's not here.

Dean	Kyle let's go!

Kyle	Shut the fuck up!

Manager	I don't know who told you it would be here but it's not.

Kyle	Fuck!

Kyle	Shut the fuck up!

Arielle	Shut shut calm down.

Kyle	What?

Dean	We got the money in the drawer man let's fucking go all right? There's nothing here man.

Kyle	What what?

Dean	If we fucking wait we are going to fucking jail.

Kyle	Everybody go everybody go! Move move out!

Arielle	Face-down on the ground now now!

Kyle	Let's go go go come on!

Dean	You are fucking up.

Kyle	Shut the fuck up.

Police Officer	Police show us your fucking hands!

Police Officer	Gun!

Kyle	What the fuck's that? What the fuck is that?

Dean	Shit cops.

Arielle	What? What?

Dean	The cops fucking everywhere.

Kyle	Shit!

Kyle	What the fuck did you do?

Arielle	What? Nothing.

Kyle	Give me this shit!

Kyle	You fucked me.

Kyle	You both fucked me.

Dean	Put the fucking gun down Kyle!

Kyle	We've got ourselves a bit of a Mexican standoff huh?

Arielle	Where's all the money you promised us Kyle?

Kyle	Shut the fuck up you fucking bitch!

Arielle	Huh where's the fucking six figures you promised us Kyle?

Kyle	Okay you guys wanna go down like this?

Kyle	Fuck it.

Robber	Hey!

Arielle	Dean? Baby! Oh oh...

Dean	Fuck.

Arielle	Fuck fuck fuck baby! Okay baby we'll get you to a hospital because the police are right outside.

Dean	No.

Arielle	What?

Dean	No. Now we both get what we want.

Arielle	No no no this is not what I want. This is not what I want.

Dean	Hey baby doll. Let me taste those lips.

Arielle	Oh!

Arielle	Fuck fuck.

Arielle	I believe in fate. I believe that the universe has a plan for me or for you for everybody. A destiny really. So um my question is is this my destiny? Is this what I've been fighting for?

Music	And so it ends ?

Music	Like it began for me ?

Music	In all that we can see ?

Music	A lie that we can believe ?

Music	When you're lost baby breathe ?

Music	When there's nothing left to believe ?

Music	When you're fading ?

Music	You're all that I need ?

Music	And I'm not saying it all over ?

Music	And I'm not saying that our time is up ?

Music	And even if nobody's been before ?

Music	It's all we live for ?

Music	I'm saying it's all over ?

Music	And I'm not saying that our time is up ?

Music	And even if nobody's been before ?

Music	It's all we live for ?

Music	So you see ?

Music	A love that's lost to the deep ?

Music	The dawn shines down on the sea ?

Music	A ghost is all that we need ?

Music	And I'm not saying it's all over ?

Music	And I'm not saying that our time is up ?

Music	And even if nobody's been before ?

Music	It's all we live for ?

Music	I'm not saying it's all over ?

Music	And I'm not saying that our my time is up ?

Music	And even if nobody's been before ?

Music	It's all we live for ?
