Mandy	No, of course Mr. Wilcox, I understand.

Mandy	And again, I apologize on behalf of Horton Hotels.

Mandy	I can personally assure

Mandy	that this will never happen again.

Mandy 	Well, I’m not supposed to do this

Mandy	but because it’s the holidays how about I offer you

Mandy	a massage to our spa and some vouchers

Mandy	for free room service for the rest of your stay.

Mandy	It’s not a problem.

Mandy	Merry Christmas to you, too, Mr. Wilcox.

Mandy	Bye.

Greg	Wow, that’s very generous of you, boss.

Greg	You ready to take off?

Mandy	Uh, yeah.

Mandy	Just

Mandy	Oh, just one second I have to get this.

Gram	Hello, is this thing on?

Mandy	Hi Gram, how are you doing?

Gram	Is it, Amanda? Are you there?

Gram	I can’t see you.

Mandy	 Gram, hello?

Gram	Oh, there you are!

Gram	Oh, there’s my darling girl.

Mandy	Now I’m the one who can’t see you.

Mandy	Tilt your tablet down.

Gram	Okay, all right.

Mandy	Oh, split the difference.

Mandy	Almost there.

Gram 	Ah!

Mandy	There you go.

Mandy	How you doing Gram?

Gram	Oh, you know, I’m just plugging along

Gram	counting the hours until my darling

Gram	granddaughter comes home.

Mandy	Me too, Grams.

Mandy	I’m so happy I finally got some time off this year.

Mandy	Christmas just isn’t the same when I’m in the city.

Gram	I’ll bet.

Gram	Now how’d you get your boss to let you come home this time?

Mandy	- Well, I am gonna have to work a little bit while

Mandy	I’m there but it shouldn’t take up too much time.

Gram	Oh, I’ll just be so glad you’re here.

Gram	I don’t care what you do.

Greg	Uh— ((clearing throat).

Gram	- In fact, I can’t wait to tell you 

Mandy	- Uh, just one moment, Gram, okay?

Mandy	Oh, yeah.

Mandy	Hey Gram, I gotta go but I’ll see you soon, okay?

Gram	Yeah, okay, all right.

Gram	I love you.

Mandy	I love you, too.

Mandy	Bye.

Gram 	Oh, I love you.

Gram	Oh, you’re coming home!

Greg	Wow, your grandmother seems like the sweetest person.

Mandy	She’s really special to me.

Mandy	Okay, I gotta drop these off on the way out.

Mandy	You ready?

Greg	Let’s do it.

Mandy 	Let’s go.

Mandy 	Thanks. This traffic is insane. These guys are treating

Greg	it like a parking lot.

Greg	It’s a road!

Greg	(Greg sighs)

Greg	Any luck?

Mandy	It looks like a fender bender up ahead.

Greg	Ugh, well it better clear up soon if we’re gonna get

Greg	 you to, I’m sorry, what’s the name of this place again?

Mandy	Hollybush

Greg	Hollybush, yes

Greg	That’s right.

Greg	Come on!

Mandy/Greg	Well, on the bright side

Greg	I’ve checked you in, window seat.

Mandy	I printed you off a luggage

Greg	tag in case you need it and we left 20 minutes early

Greg	so still if I was a betting man

Greg	I’d say you’d get to the airport with enough time

Greg	to get a chai latte in the lounge, your favorite.

Mandy	I knew I hired you for a reason.

Greg	Yeah, well, I had a great resume, too, so.

Mandy/Greg	(both giggling)

Mandy	(Amanda sighs)

Mandy	(Amanda sighs)

Greg	GinnyZee?

Mandy	Yeah.

Greg	Look, if you need help with Ginny’s

Greg	account while you’re gone I can handle it.

Mandy	Oh, thank you, but you know I’m

Mandy	the only one she’ll deal with.

Greg	That’s ridiculous.

Greg	It’s sucky for you because you get no time off as it is.

Mandy	Well, that’s okay.

Greg	Look at this.

Greg	Aha!

Mandy	Yes!

Greg	See, I told you we’d get you to honeydew.

Mandy	Hollybush.

Greg	Yeah, same thing.

Mandy	(Amanda giggling)

Clerk	Good luck, take care.

Clerk	Take a candy cane.

Clerk	Okay

Clerk	Hello, welcome to

Mandy	Hi.

Clerk	Convenient cars where the customer is always right.

Clerk	How can I help you?

Mandy	I have a reservation for Amanda Leeds, L- E-E-D-S.

Clerk	- L-E-E-D-S.

Mandy	Mm hm.

Clerk	Hm, I’m notseeing it here.

Mandy	Oh, that’s

weird.

Mandy	I, I have a confirmation number.

Mandy	Ah, here it is.

Clerk	Okay.

Mandy	2539901.

Clerk	Uh huh.

Clerk	Okay.

Clerk	Huh, that’s weird.

*Mandy	What is it?

Clerk	That reservation’s already been checked out.

Mandy	Really, by who?

Clerk	By that guy over there.

Clerk	Um, sir? Sir?

Clerk	Yeah, if you could just…

Mandy	Oh, I know him.

Clerk	Oh, good, well, we’ll get it all sorted out.

Clerk	Hi.

Lucas	Hi.

Mandy	Uh.

Lucas	Leeds?

Lucas	Mandy Leeds?

Lucas	Okay, I haven’t seen you in a long time.

Mandy	Hi Lucas.

Lucas	Hi.

Lucas	I’m, what a coincidence running into you here.

Lucas	I mean honestly, I haven’t seen you since, what-

Lucas	high school grad, is that possible?

Mandy	You might be right.

Lucas	So, what’s going on?

Lucas	You heading home for Christmas?

Mandy	Well, I was hoping to, but it looks like

Mandy	you got my car reservation.

Lucas	What?

Clerk	Yeah, our system’s been

Clerk	kind of whacky all day.

Clerk	I don’t know how this could happen.

Clerk/Mandy	I’m so sorry. Oh, no, it’s	okay.

Mandy	It’s not your fault.

Mandy	I’ll just get another car.

Mandy	Right?

Clerk	Yeah, yeah, um, just one moment.

Mandy	Okay.

Clerk	Just a few moments.

Mandy	Oh, oh, okay.

Lucas	I mean, I don’t wanna overstep, but I could give you a ride.

Lucas	I mean, technically it’s your car.

Mandy	No, no, no, I don’t wanna impose.

Mandy	I’m just gonna get another car, it’s fine.

Lucas	Nah, don’t be  silly.

Lucas	Come on, two Hollybush High survivors, huh?

Lucas	Catching up on the road, could be fun.

Mandy	Uh, no.

Lucas	It’ll save you like $400 and I’m going the same way.

Clerk	You should take the ride.

Clerk	We don’t have any cars left.

Mandy	Oh.

Mandy	Okay, well, I guess I’m going with you then.

Lucas	All right.

Mandy	Okay. 

Clerk	Okay.

Mandy	Great.

Clerk	Thank you, take a candy cane.

Mandy	Um, thank you.

Clerk	Bye bye.

Lucas	Heard any good jokes lately?

Mandy	(Amanda laughing)

Mandy	Not off the top of my head.

Lucas	Really?

Mandy	No.

Lucas	I seem to remember you being, like, really funny.

Mandy	I’m not notfunny.

Lucas	(lucas laughing) That was funny.

Lucas	I’m just saying, everyone’s gotta have a go-to joke, right?

Lucas	Like in case of emergencies.

Lucas	Do you have an emergency joke?

Mandy	I, okay, I did hear a joke recently,

Mandy	but it’s like really bad.

Lucas	Okay, like bad like cheesy or bad bad?

Mandy	Oh, like, it’s a pun, so cheese city.

Lucas	I love cheese, throw it at me.

Mandy	I don’t know.

Lucas	No, you can’t just dangle the carrot like that.

Lucas	Come on, let’shear it.

Mandy	What do you call a fake noodle?

Mandy	An imposta!

Lucas	Wow.

Mandy	I know.

Lucas	That was a really good bad joke.

Mandy	I tried to warn you.

Lucas	You did, you did, thank you.

Lucas	Maybe a better warning next time.

Mandy	(Amanda laughing)

Lucas	What kinda music you listen to?

Mandy	Uh, whatever.

Lucas	This?

Mandy	No.

Lucas	Oh, this is good.

Lucas	Yeah, nice song. *music- “All the lights up on the street”. *music- “You’re the only gift this Christmas I need”.

Lucas	So, Leeds.

Mandy	Hm.

Lucas	Be honest.

Mandy	Okay.

Lucas	How come you didn’t come to the high school reunion?

Mandy	Um, I mean, I wanted to but I was just busy with work

Mandy	and I couldn’t get it off.

Mandy	Honestly, I’m still busy with work,

Mandy	but do you hang out with any of the old crew?

Lucas	Nah, not really.

Lucas	I mean Ashley from time to time.

Mandy	Ashley Clayton?

Lucas	Yeah.

Lucas	Yeah, that Ashley.

Lucas	Okay, I know you two didn’t get along

Lucas	in high school, all right?

Lucas	But you were highly competitive.

Lucas	Not that you needed to be ‘cause I mean what,
Lucas	you were good at everything.

Mandy	Well, that’s nice of you.

Mandy	I mean, I wasn’t good at everything.

Lucas	Oh, come on.

Lucas	Let’s ring the old memory bell here, huh?

Mandy	Okay, let’s.

Lucas	Yeah, ding, ding.

Lucas	Yeah, ding, ding. Okay.

Mandy	Mm hm.

Lucas	Okay, so you beat me off

Lucas	for Valedictorian.

Mandy	Oh I did.

Lucas	Yeah, you were editor of the yearbook, huh?

Mandy	Okay.

Lucas	You remember that?

Mandy	Lucas

Mandy	Yeah.

Lucas	Head of the track team.

Mandy	Oh, you have a good memory.

Lucas	Yeah and you played Sandy in “Grease,” you remember that?

Mandy	Yeah, I do.

Mandy	Ooh, that was fun.

Lucas	You beat out like 50 girls.

Mandy	Okay, well look

Lucas	who’s talking.

Mandy	I mean, prom king, captain of the football team,

Mandy	and you got voted class president.

Mandy	So.

Lucas	That’s true.

Lucas 	Mm hm.

Lucas	That’s true.

Lucas	You think we peaked in high school?

Mandy	Definitely not.

Lucas	Hey, are you hungry?

Mandy	I’m starving.

Lucas	Up ahead.

Mandy	(Amanda gasps) Hanks?

Lucas	Yeah.

Mandy	Oh, my gosh.

Mandy	They have the best french fries.

Lucas	Yeah, they do.

Mandy	We’re going. We’re going.

Lucas	Oh, I haven’t been here in awhile.

Dave	Hey, welcome to Hank and Son’s Diner.

Dave	I’m Dave, let me know if you have any questions.

Dave	Just grab any seat you like and I’ll be right with you.

Mandy	Thanks. 

Lucas	Thanks, Dave.

Dave	Thank you.

Lucas	Nice hat.

Lucas	Think he works for Santa?

Dave	I heard that!

Dave	Just kidding.

Lucas	Oh, this is great.

Mandy	Yep.

Mandy	Oh.

Dave	Here you go.

Mandy	Thank you. Thank you.

Lucas	Wow, look at this.

Lucas	You see this mega mac and cheese?

Lucas	It’s got two pounds of cheese in it.

Mandy	That’s a lot of cheese.

Dave	Oh, yeah, you know people usually split

Dave	that between three or four people,

Dave	but if you can eat it all yourself it’s free.

Dave	Plus you get your picture up on that board.

Mandy	Hm, I am hungry.

Lucas	There’s no way you’re gonna eat that.

Mandy	One mega mac, please.

Dave	All right, split?

Lucas	Make it two, Garcon.

Dave	Okay, two mega macs coming right up.

Lucas	With extra cheese.

Dave	Whoa.

Mandy	(Amanda gasps)

Lucas	So, we’re doing this?

Mandy	Well, I mean it is a special ocasion.

Mandy	Plus we get our picture up on that board.

Lucas	Absolutely.

Lucas	So, how have you been?

Lucas	What are you doing?

Lucas	Are you in a relationship, are you seeing anyone?

Mandy	Uh, I actually broke up with someone last month.

Lucas	Oh, that sucks.

Mandy	Mm hm.

Lucas	Especially around the holidays.

Mandy	Yeah, he thought I was too focused on my career.

Mandy	I didn’t even know that was a thing.

Lucas	Yeah, I know that feeling all too well.

Lucas	Mel and I, just broke up about a year ago.

Mandy	Mel and you?

Lucas	Mm hm.

Mandy	Mel, Prom Queen, Mel.

Lucas	Yes, Prom Queen Mel.

Mandy	Interesting.

Mandy	What happened?

Lucas	I mean nothing really happened.

Mandy	Hm.

Lucas	We just, I don’t know,

Lucas	we grew apart.

Lucas	I mean, we both changed but we didn’t change together

Lucas	if that makes any sense.

Lucas	Plus, you know, she wanted to stay in Manhattan and I didn’t,

Lucas	so that was a big factor.

Mandy	So, you wound up in New York?

Lucas	Yeah, ended up being one of the Wall Street type guys

Lucas	if you can believe it.

Mandy	Hm, you don’t say.

Lucas	So, what about you?

Lucas	I mean, what are you doing for work now?

Mandy	Do you know Horton Hotels?

Lucas	Yeah.

Mandy	I’m a regional manager

Mandy	for three of their locations;

Mandy	two in Miami, and one in Fort Lauderdale.

Lucas	Wow.

Mandy	Mm hm.

Lucas	That’s cool and you like it?

Mandy	Oh, I love it.

Mandy	It’s a great company and plus my boss let me have some

Mandy	actual time off this year, so I’m pretty happy about that.

Mandy	I mean, it does come with some strings attached, but.

Lucas	What kinda strings?

Mandy	Oh well, you know that quaint hotel off Highway Eight?

Mandy	It’s kind of a mashup of a bed and breakfast and a motel.

Lucas	Yeah, the Chesterwood, of course.

Mandy	Right, well, it’s up for sale and Horton Hotels

Mandy	is trying to get more boutique locations,

Mandy	so I tried to convince my managers

Mandy	to let me put a bid on it.

Mandy	Yeah.

Lucas	So, what’d they say?

Mandy	Oh, well, if I can close the deal by next

Mandy	then I am looking at a hefty raise

Mandy	and probably transferring to corporate office.

Lucas	Wow.

Mandy	I mean, it’s not all

Mandy	about money for me.

Mandy	I just really wanna do a good job, you know what I’m saying?

Mandy	Sorry, do I make any sense?

Mandy	I feel like I’m rambling.	

Lucas	No, it’s fine. That’s great.

Lucas	Wow, so, you’re moving home?

Mandy	Oh, no, well, no, not exactly.

Lucas	Well, how’s that work then?

Mandy	Well, I can the location remotely,

Mandy	just like I do for Fort Lauderdale.

Dave	All right, here you go.

Mandy	Thank you.

Mandy	Oh, wow.

Dave	Hope you’re not lactose intolerant.

Mandy	We’re gonna need a bigger fork.

Dave	Say cheese!

Mandy/Lucas	Cheese! Cheese!

Dave	You know, I’ve never seen a couple take

Dave	on this challenge at the same time.

Mandy	Oh, no, we’re not a couple.

Lucas	Oh, we’re not a couple.

Dave	Either way, you two make a great team.

Dave	I hope to see you back here someday.

Dave	Aw.

Lucas	Thanks Dave.

Mandy	Oh, I got it, I got it.

Lucas	Oh, you sure?

Mandy	Yeah.

Mandy	So, thanks for the ride.

Lucas	Anytime, Leeds.

Lucas	Hey, why don’t I help you to the door.

Mandy	Okay.

Lucas	Okay.

Tammy	Amanda Leeds is that you?

Tammy	My, my, you have grown.

Tammy	And Lucas Manzino, twice in two weeks.

Tammy	Am I the luckiest gal in Hollybush or what?

Tammy	Manzino Junior here wants to buy

Tammy	the inn and I might just let him.

Lucas	Well, I mean nothing’s finalized yet.

Tammy	Oh, no, but it’s close to being final, wouldn’t you say?

Tammy	When you were here last week

Tammy	you were ready to sign the check.

Lucas	You know what, I do need to take this, so excuse me.

Tammy	He’s got some really fun ideas for the new menu.

Tammy	Very excited.

Mandy	That’s interesting.

Lucas	Sorry to leave abruptly.

Lucas	I really need to go.

Lucas	Tammy, we’ll chat soon about the menu.

Lucas	Please let me explain this tomorrow?

Lucas	I’ll call you?

Lucas	Great.

Tammy	Okay, that was strange.

Tammy	So, young lady, what brings you into town?

Mandy	Well, uh, I guess this is the best time to tell you,

Mandy	Lucas isn’t the only one with his eye on the Chesterwood.

Mandy	That’s what I’m doing here, I also wanna make a bid on it.

Tammy	Oh.

Tammy	Okay.

Tammy	So, let me get this straight,

Tammy	You also wanna buy the inn?

Mandy	Well, not me personally,

Mandy	but on behalf of Horton Hotels, yes.

Tammy	Well, that puts me in quite

Tammy	a pickle to be honest with you.

Tammy	I mean, I’m very grateful to have two buyers interested,

Tammy	it’s just, well, Lucas is moving back home

Tammy	And Bert and me, we just really want the person-

Tammy	that takes over here to really care about the place.

Tammy	To run it like my family has for generations.

Mandy	This is my home too.

Mandy	And did you know that Horton Hotels

Mandy	is actually a family run business.

Mandy	I mean, it’s a multimillion dollar family run business,

Mandy	but still, we know family.

Tammy	I mean, I guess it wouldn’t hurt to hear you out,

Tammy	but I should tell you this town relies on visitors

Tammy	and we haven’t been getting many since

Tammy	that terrible blizzard last spring.

Tammy	I mean, we aren’t the only people suffering

Tammy	 from lack of tourism around here,

Tammy	businesses are closing up left, right and center.

Tammy	I tell ya, if we don’t get more bookings for January,

Tammy	it won’t matter who owns the inn,

Tammy	there won’t be a town left to visit.

Mandy	Oh, that’s awful.

Tammy	I know and Bert and me, we just don’t have

Tammy	the heart for all the hustle and bustle anymore.

Tammy	So, we really need to find somebody who does.

Mandy	Tammy, I completely understand what you need in a new

Mandy	owner and can confidently say that I wouldn’t let you down.

Mandy	I have a ton of ideas for this place,

Mandy	and I can help this town.

Tammy	Well, let’s sit down over tea and chat this week.

Mandy	Great.

Tammy	Oh, I guess I should check you in, huh?

Mandy	Yeah.

Tammy	Okay.

Mandy	Hey, it’s me.

Mandy	Are you around tomorrow at Noon?

Mandy	Yeah?

Mandy	Okay, yes.

Mandy	(Amanda laughing)

Jackie	Ah, it feels like 80 years since the last time I saw you.

Jackie	Why didn’t you call me sooner you dingdong?

Mandy	I know, I’m the worst. 

Mandy	But it was a last minute decision.

Jackie	Whatever, I’m just happy you’re here.

Jackie	When are you coming over for a movie marathon?

Mandy	Uh, probably once the Christmas chaos dies down.

Jackie	Or what are you doing tonight?

Mandy	Ooh, I can’t tonight.

Jackie	Why not?

Mandy	I’m going to dinner at my Gram’s

Mandy	and then I have business to attend to.

Jackie	Business huh?

Mandy	Mm hm.

Jackie	Yeah?

Mandy	You heard of the Chesterwood?

Jackie	You are aware that I live here, right?

Mandy	Right, well it went up for sale-

Mandy	about a month ago.

Jackie	I know, it’s all anyone in this town can talk about. What about it?

Mandy	Well, I’m putting a bid on it so that

Mandy	I can take it to corporate in New York City.

Jackie	What?

Mandy	Mm hm.

Jackie	What about your job in Miami?

Mandy	Oh, well, I love my job, I just need a new challenge.

Jackie	Uh, huh, so you’re to buy the Chesterwood-

Jackie	for your company and then what, move back home?

Mandy	Oh, not really.

Mandy	Oh, but I will be home more.

Mandy	I mean, I’ll be commuting from here and the city.

Mandy	And just until the place gets in shape, so.

Mandy	What is it?

Jackie	Well, obviously, I would freak out

Jackie	if you spent more time at home.

Mandy	But?	

Jackie	But there’s a teensy tiny

Jackie	rumor that Lucas Manzino is gonna put a bid on it.

Jackie	Apparently he’s moving back home.

Mandy	So I’ve heard.

Jackie	And the entire town is rallying behind him

Jackie	because they say he’s the voice of the new generation.

Mandy	Hm.

Jackie	Honestly, the guy could

Jackie	run for Mayor and win just based on his charming smile.

Jackie	People really eat that up here.

Mandy	(Amanda sighs)

Jackie	I’m sorry, Mans, I woulda sugarcoated the truth for you,

Jackie	but I love you too much.

Mandy	It’s not that I’m competing against him again,

Mandy	it’s that I’m surprised that he didn’t tell me himself.

Mandy	I mean, I had to find out from Tammy.

Jackie	Hold up.

Jackie	I’m clearly missing something here.

Mandy	Oh, we ran into each other on the way back into town.

Jackie	And?

Mandy	And it’s a long story.

Mandy	And I have to get a dessert for tonight,

Mandy	so (clicking) let’s go. (*music “All of my wishes this Christmas”)

Jackie	You’re not getting off that easy.

Jackie	You know how much I love good gossip

Jackie	and I haven’t had nearly enough, so, girl, you’re on.

Mandy	Well, the truth is he was different than I remember.

Jackie	You are aware of how gossip works, right?

Jackie	You aren’t giving me much to go on here.

Mandy	I don’t know, he was sweet.

Mandy	We bonded over mac and cheese.

Jackie	Oh, Hanks mega mac?

Mandy	Oh, that’s the one!

Jackie	Oh, that must’ve been a fun trip.

Jackie	Ok, let’s get to the good stuff because if I know you, there’s something you’re not telling me.

Jane	Is that little Amanda?

Mandy	Hi Jane.

Jane	Oh, it’s so good to see you.

Jane	How are you doing big city girl?

Mandy	Good, good.

Jane	And the parents, how are they doing?

Mandy	Oh, they’re doing great. Soaking up the sun in Panama somewhere.

Jane	Ah, I can’t wait to retire. And, of course, hello Jackie.

Jackie	Hey, how’s business been?

Jane	Oh, it’s Christmas time.

Jane	To be honest, we’ve had better years.

Jane	Ooh-la-la

Jane	Grabbing something sweet for you and Mr. Leeds?

Mandy	Oh, no, no time for Mr. Leeds. Just me.

Jane	Oh, well that’s

okay.

Jane	Plenty of fish in the sea and everything happens for a reason, right?

Mandy	Right?

Jane	When Mr. Right comes along you’ll make time I’m sure.

Mandy	Yeah.

Ashley	Look who it is.

Mandy	Hi, Ashley.

Mandy	How are you?

Ashley	I’m really great.

Ashley	Hey Jackie.

Jackie	Hi.

Ashley	Hi Jane.

Jane	I’ve been meaning to thank you for helping out with the food drive at the community center.

Ashley	I do what I can.

Ashley	Everyone’s gotta pitch in, right?

Ashley	So, are you home for the holidays?

Mandy	Yeah, I’m here for Christmas with my Grams.

Jackie	And she gets to spend time with me.

Ashley	That’s nice.

Ashley	Anyways, I’m just grabbing some chocolate chips ‘cause I gotta finish up my holiday baking, so.

Mandy	Oh, well, if I don’t see you then I hope you have a merry Christmas.

Ashley	Oh, I’m sure we’ll see each other around. It’s a really small town or have you forgotten?

Jackie	Okay, byeeeeee.

Jackie	I don’t love her.

Mandy	I know.

Jane	So just the fruitcake?

Mandy	Yeah.

Jane	Okay.

Gram	You’re here!

Gram	Oh, look at you.

Gram	Oh, sweetie.

Gram	Oh, I finally get to hug my angel girl.

Gram	Oh, my goodness.

Gram	Oh, sweetie.

Gram	Oh, and you brought dessert. You always were my favorite grandchild, you know that?

Mandy	I’m your only grandchild.

Gram	Well, still.

Mandy	(Amanda laughing)

Mandy	Wow, Grams, you really went all out.

Gram	Yep.

Mandy	I’m impressed.

Gram	Well, you know me. This is definitely my favorite time of year.

Mandy	(Amanda laughing)

Gram	Oh, this looks so good.

Mandy	Oh good.

Mandy	There’s actually a shop in the mall in my neighborhood

Mandy	and they have Christmas decorations all year round.

Mandy	It always makes me think of you.

Gram	Oh sweetie.

Mandy	How have you been?

Mandy	I miss you.

Gram	Oh and I miss you.

Gram	And you know, I’ve just been puttering along. Yeah.

Mandy	Well, you look pretty happy for someone who’s just puttering along.

Gram	Really?

Mandy	Mm hm.

Mandy	You’re beaming.

Gram	Well, I do have a surprise to share with you my darling girl.

Mandy	Oh?

Gram	Yes.

Gram	Ah.

Mandy	Who might that be?

Gram	That might be the surprise that I wanna share with you.

Mandy	Oh.

Gram	Amanda, you remember Ernie Manzino?

Gram	He’s my boyfriend.

Ernie	It’s so good to see you again.

Mandy	Ernie Manzino, how are you?

Mandy	I just ran into Lucas on the way here.

Mandy	What a small world.

Ernie	Oh great, then you’re reacquainted again,

Ernie	‘cause he’s gonna be along in just a minute.

Mandy	What’s that now?

Lucas	Hello?

Gram	Hi.

Lucas	Oh, hi.

Lucas	Hey everyone.

Mandy	Lucas, what are you doing here?

Lucas	Oh, uh, well, my Gramps invited me over about an hour ago and I had nothing going on, so.

Mandy	(Amanda giggling nervously)

Gram	We thought it might be nice for you to have somebody your age to catch up with.

Mandy	Well, that is really nice of you, Grams.

Mandy	I’m actually gonna head to the kitchen really quick.

Ernie	Uh, uh, uh, that’s what Lucas and I are here for. We’re going to make you dinner while the two of you catch up with each other, okay?

Gram	Ooh!

Ernie	Right Luke? Come on, let’s go.

Lucas	Absolutely.

Gram	Thank you.

Gram	Oh, Ernie, you.

Gram	(Gram giggling)

Gram	That’s my boyfriend.

Mandy	So, Ernie Manzino, huh?

Gram	(Gram laughing)

Gram	Isn’t he something?

Gram	And wait till you try his turnips, they taste even better than mine do.

Mandy	That’s impossible.

Mandy	I wonder who told Ernie that my favorite food was mashed turnips?

Gram	Oh, I don’t know, must’ve been a little birdy.

Mandy	He seems nice, Grams.

Gram	Mm hm.

Mandy	But just, you know, be careful.

Gram	Be careful, what do you mean?

Mandy	You know boys.

Gram	Oh hun, don’t worry about me. This isn’t my first rodeo.

Gram	Ooh, forks on the left. There you go, dear.

Gram	And let me tell you something.

Gram	When you know you just know and someday soon, you’re gonna know.

Mandy	Hm, I wouldn’t hold my breath on that one, but if you’re happy then I’m happy.

Ernie	Dinner’s ready, ladies.

Gram	Ooh, great.

Gram	I hope everybody is very hungry.

Mandy	Yes.

Mandy	I haven’t had a home cooked meal in forever.

Gram	Aw.

Lucas	Ooh, forever’s a long time.

Mandy	Oh, well I’ve been busy.

Gram	So, Mandy

Mandy	Mm hm?

Mandy	Did you hear that the Chesterwood is for sale?

Mandy	I sure did.

Mandy	So, how did you two meet?

Gram	Oh, my goodness.

Gram	We love to tell this story, don’t we?

Ernie	You wanna start it off?

Gram	Okay.

Mandy	(Ernie chuckling)

Gram	We reconnected at the Thanksgiving Day Parade.

Ernie	And the weather for the day was beautiful, believe it or not.

Ernie	The sun was shining.

Gram	Mm hm.

Gram	And with my fair skin I was afraid I was gonna get a sunburn, isn’t that unbelievable?

Ernie	(Ernie laughing)

Gram	(Gram laughing)

Gram	But anyway, did you know that Ernie does woodwork?

Mandy	No.

Gram	Mandy, you should’ve seen it, it was like a giant birdhouse for a turkey.

Lucas	It worked.

Ernie	Well, after the parade I walked over to Eileen

Gram	And he said, “I wanted to come up with something clever to say but I thought I’d just wing it.”

Gram	I almost died laughing.

Mandy	Okay, well, uh, I guess congratulations are in order for the love birds.

Gram	Oh.

Lucas	Ooh, well, I mean, as long as there’s no foul play.

Gram	Ooh!

Ernie	So, how did you two get reacquainted?

Mandy	Um, what do you mean?

Ernie	Well, you said that you reconnected on the way over here.

Lucas	Oh yeah.

Mandy	Oh, well.

Lucas	The airport was trying

Mandy	Yeah.

Lucas	to get Leeds, I mean Mandy’s reservation at the car rental place at the airport and so, I got to give her a ride into town.

Gram	Well, that was awfully kind of you.

Mandy	(Amanda chuckling)

Mandy	Well, I mean, they had my reservation but for some reason or another it got mixed up with Lucas’s, so actually, he took my car.

Gram	Oh.

Ernie	What a mix up.

Gram	Yeah, really.

Gram	Well, it sounds to me like you two are meant to travel together.

Mandy	Oh yeah, I don’t know about that. Those, uh, rental car places, their computers are really old.

Lucas	Oh, come on, I think we had a pretty fun ride back, didn’t we, Mandy?

Mandy	Yeah, it was really fun.

Mandy	Uh, Ernie, these turnips are amazing.

Mandy	You’ve got this like sweet and sour combo. What’s your secret ingredient?

Ernie	Oh, I’m glad you liked em’. Lucas mixed up this batch, it’s an old family recipe.

Gram	Mm.

Mandy	Oh.

Mandy	They’re, they’re good.

Mandy	Thank you.

Lucas	It’s apple cider vinegar by the way.

Mandy	Oh, is it?

Lucas	Mm hm.

Mandy	Interesting.

Ernie	Uh, anyone want seconds?

Gram	Oh, I’ll have some more turnips, Ernie, or should I say, roomie?

Mandy	(Ernie chuckling)

Mandy	Roomie?

Gram	Mm hm.

Lucas	Huh?

Gram	Well, we wanted to wait until we could tell you in person.

Gram	Ernie’s moving in with me tomorrow.

Mandy	Tomorrow?

Mandy	Wow.

Lucas	Tomorrow?

Mandy	Um, um.

Lucas	Wow.

Mandy	Well, that’s big news.

Gram	Mm hm.

Lucas	Yeah, uh, cheers.

Mandy	Cheers.

Gram	Oh, yeah, right.

Gram	Cheers.

Ernie	Now, we know the two of you are incredibly busy young people, but we were hoping that you might be able to help us out with the move.

Gram	Would that be ok? I’m just not as strong as I used to be.

Ernie	There’s not a lot of stuff, but we sure could use the help.

Mandy	Absolutely.

Mandy	Yeah, absolutely.

Lucas	Yeah, totally.

Lucas	Yeah, sure thing.

Gram	Oh, that’s just wonderful then, thank you.

Mandy	(Amanda chuckling)

Mandy	Ah, well, I am full.

Lucas	Oh, thanks so much for having me over, Mrs. Leeds.

Gram	Oh, come on, you did all the work.

Lucas	Thank you and you can call me Eileen or even Grams if you like.

Mandy	(Amanda laughing)

Lucas	Okay.

Mandy	Ah well, this was a wonderful meal with wonderful company, too.

Gram	Are you all right, dear?

Mandy	Oh me, never been better, Grams. I’m just gonna take these Dishes

Lucas	Oh.

Mandy	because we have a big day tomorrow.

Lucas	Oh, I’ll help you.

Mandy	Oh, no, that’s not necessary, Lucas. You can just sit back and relax.

Lucas	No.

Mandy	I’ve got this.

Lucas	No, I’ve cleaned dishes all through college and I know how to make ‘em sparkle.

Mandy	Okay, well, Ican’t argue with that, can I?

Lucas	Huh?

Gram	(Gram laughing)

Gram	Well.

Ernie	We get out of doing dishes.

Gram/Ernie	Yes we do.

Ernie	I’ll drink to that.

Gram	Good planning.

Gram	Yep.

Lucas	I shoulda told you I was gonna make a bid on the Chesterwood.

Mandy	And why didn’t you?

Lucas	I don’t know.

Lucas	I guess I just got distracted.

Lucas	I mean I was having a lot of fun.

Lucas	And then when I found out that you wanted to make a bid on it too, I just felt bad.

Mandy	Well, it felt worse hearing it from Tammy.

Lucas	Yeah, no doubt.

Lucas	It’s conflicting, you know?

Lucas	I mean, like, I really want this change of pace in my life

Lucas	and this is a great opportunity,

Lucas	but I don’t wanna take anything away from you.

Lucas	And to be honest, I didn’t wanna rain on your parade right then and there.

Mandy	I get it.

Mandy	I mean, things get in the way.

Mandy	I just, I just wish you woulda said something.

Lucas	I’m sorry.

Mandy	No hard feelings.

Lucas	So, friends on?

Mandy	Friends.

Mandy	And by the way, about the Chesterwood, you haven’t taken anything away from me yet.

Mandy	I’m still in the running.

Lucas	Uh, yeah, I guess you’re right.

Mandy	Mm hm and just so you know, I have some stellar plans for that place.

Lucas	Hm, well, as they say, may the best man win.

Mandy	Or woman.

Lucas	Hm.

Lucas	I should go get the rest of the dishes.

Mandy	Yeah.

Mandy	(Amanda sighs)

Mandy	Eye on the prize, Mandy.

Mandy	Eye on the prize.

Mandy	So, if you click that button there it automatically brings people to your new booking page.

Tammy	That was so easy.

Mandy	Mm hm.

Mandy	And if you click that it’ll direct customers to your social media pages.

Mandy	Hm and that’s weird.

Tammy	Oh, it’s actually not that weird.

Tammy	We don’t have the social media.

Mandy	Oh.

Mandy	Well, that explains it. I guess we’ll have to get started on that, too. Good thing I brought my good camera.

Tammy	Hm.

Mandy	Ah, it’s still lacking some flair.

Mandy	I’ll tell you what, I’m gonna go help my Gram’s today, but how about tomorrow I stop by and just spruce the place up.

Mandy	Nothing major, just a couple of tweaks to make it look a little more modern.

Tammy	Well, as long as it’s done by our annual Christmas Eve party. We’re hosting it at the banquet hall this year and I don’t wanna keep going back and forth.

Mandy	Of course, I just need a few hours and it’ll look good as new. Trust me.

Tammy	Okay.

Tammy	So…

Lucas	Hello?

Lucas	Oh, hey.

Tammy	Hey.

Lucas	Hi.

Lucas	Oh, I’m sorry, don’t let me interrupt, ladies.

Tammy	Oh, no, it’s ok hun. We’re just gabbing about some much needed renos.

Mandy	Yep.

Lucas	Oh, really?

Mandy	Mm hm.

Lucas	Well, don’t allow me to take up too much of your time. I just wanted to stop by and drop these off.

Tammy	Oh, is that what I think it is?

Lucas	You know it.

Tammy	(Tammy gasping) I just love biscotti.

Lucas	Now, this would be the Chesterwood’s signature cookie, okay, we would serve it in every room with all the espresso machines. And this is what I’m working on for the proposed menu.

Tammy	Wow look at you, this is fancy. Let me just go put this in the kitchen.

Lucas	You know how they say the way to a man’s heart is through his stomach?

Mandy	Hm.

Lucas	Well, I have found that to be true for everyone, not just us guys.

Mandy	Gotta hand it to you, Luke, you’re a strong competitor. I mean, don’t get me wrong, you’re still gonna lose, but I do admire your tenacity.

Lucas	Ditto.

Lucas	Are you ready for this move?

Mandy	Uh, yeah, I’m in my comfy clothes and everything.

Lucas	Yeah you are.

Tammy	So nice to see you two are in better spirits today.

Mandy	I forget how peaceful it is here.

Mandy	So quiet.

Lucas	Yeah.

Lucas	That’s why I left the city.

Mandy	Hm.

Lucas	I’m gonna warm up the car.

Mandy	Okay.

Lucas	(Lucas sighs)

Lucas	Oh, come on.

Mandy	What?

Lucas	I don’t know, maybe the block heater’s too cool? Might have to wait till morning when it warms up.

Mandy	(Amanda sighs)

Mandy	Okay.

Lucas	Guess we’re spending the night.

Mandy	Well, Ernie’s cabin it is.

Mandy	What are we gonna do about food?

Mandy	We packed up all the cans.

Mandy	We packed up all the cans.

Lucas	Ah, you know what we didn’t pack, the fridge.

Mandy	Mm.

Mandy	(Amanda groans)

Lucas	Huh.

Mandy	So, mustard and pickle sandwiches?

Lucas	I’m in.

Lucas	Why don’t you have a seat, I’ll handle this.

Mandy	Okay.

Lucas	All right.

Mandy	(Amanda sighs)

Mandy	(Amanda groans)

Mandy	So, what made you wanna purchase the Chesterwood?

Lucas	Well, my family has always been in the service industry and I think I’m finally understanding why.

Lucas	I mean, the day- to-day can be quite simple, however, you can make someone smile just by making ‘em a pickle sandwich.

Lucas	Plus that whole Manhattan fast- paced lifestyle, I think I’m over it.

Mandy	You don’t think that you’ll miss it?

Lucas	Yeah, maybe.

Lucas	I just wanna spend more time with friends and family.

Mandy	Hm.

Lucas	All right, one sandwich, coming right up.

Mandy	You know, I admire that.

Mandy	For me I’m just trying to build my career.

Mandy	Cheers

Lucas	Cheers.

Lucas	To being stuck together yet again. 

Andy	Yeah.

Mandy	It’s actually really good

Lucas	Thank you.

Lucas	So, how about you?

Lucas	I mean, what got you into the hotel game?

Mandy	I just think there’s something really rewarding about going the extra mile to make someone happy or making them feel special on their vacation.

Mandy	I’m really in my element when I’m working and I just wanna be the best that I can be.

Lucas	Well, you don’t have to tell me that.

Mandy	Okay, I know, I’m competitive.

Mandy	But, I don’t know, I feel like I have something to prove to myself.

Lucas	I get that. (light music)

Lucas	You wanna know something?

Lucas	I like spending time with you.

Mandy	Oh, sorry it’s work.

Lucas	You should try turning that off sometime, you might like it.

Mandy	Well, it’s just this one client. She kinda counts on me to be there.

Lucas	(lucas sighs)

Lucas	That sounds time consuming.

Mandy	I mean, not really.

Mandy	It used to be, but now that I’ve figured out what she likes and what she doesn’t like, it’s pretty easy. Plus, we’ve kinda become friends.

Lucas	That’s nice.

Lucas	(lucas sighs)

Lucas	Well, I guess we should tuck in, huh?

Lucas	Get a good sleep so we can move everything in the morning.

Mandy	Yeah, okay.

Lucas	I’ll show you to your room.

Mandy	Thanks.

Lucas	Here you are, my lady.

Lucas	Good night.

Mandy	Night Lucas

Lucas	(* music “Silent night)

Lucas	(* music “Holy night”)

Lucas	(* music “All is calm”)

Lucas	(* music “And all is bright”)

Lucas	(* music “Round yon virgin mother and child”)

Lucas	(* music “Holy infant so tender and mild”)

Lucas	(* music “Silent night”)

Lucas	(* music “Oh, holy night”)

Lucas	(* music “All is calm and all is bright”)

Lucas	(* music “Round yon virgin”)

Lucas	(* music “Mother and child”)

Lucas	(* music “Holy infant so tender and mild”)

Mandy	Hey.

Lucas	Hey.

Mandy	How’d you sleep?

Lucas	Ah, pretty good, you?

Mandy	Not bad. That bed is surprisingly comfortable.

Lucas	Yeah.

Lucas	You all right?

Mandy	(Amanda scoffs)

Lucas	Hey, hey, what are you doing?

Lucas	Uh, uh, you don’t wanna do that.

Lucas	That’s it.

Lucas	This is so on right now.

Mandy/Lucas	Okay.

Lucas/Mandy	Oh, nice.

Lucas	You ready for my specialty?

Lucas	Okay, I call this the big thunder.

Mandy	(Amanda screams)

Mandy	Where’d you go?

Mandy	Do you give up?

Mandy	(Amanda gasps)

Lucas	Oh!

Mandy	I surrender, I surrender.

Lucas	For real?

Mandy	Yes.

Lucas	Turn around.

Lucas	I tried to warn you.

Mandy	Uh, great, well, in my defense I didn’t know I was up against some sort of snowball olympian.

Lucas	Yeah, three time gold medalist winner.

Mandy	Uh, huh.

Lucas	Uh, huh.

Lucas	Uh, huh.

Mandy	(Amanda giggling)

Mandy	Uh.

Mandy	Oh no.

Lucas	What is it?

Mandy	(Amanda sighs) They moved my flight to the 28th.

Lucas	That’s not a bad thing.

Lucas	Now you get to spend more time at home.

Mandy	Ugh, I have a big meeting with my boss on the 27th. I’m supposed to debrief her on all of the progress I’ve made on the Chesterwood.

Lucas	All right.

Mandy	What’s wrong?

Lucas	Honestly?

Lucas	I mean, you haven’t been home in over a decade and you wanna go home the day after Christmas. I just don’t get it.

Mandy	I mean, I don’t want to go home.

Lucas	You’re not trying very hard to stay.

Mandy	(Amanda scoffs) Luke

Lucas	Look, I mean it’s one thing to care about your job, it’s another to make it your life. True me.

Mandy	I don’t know what to say, Luke. I have to get back to work. I can’t stay here forever.

Lucas	Fine.

Lucas	Yeah, we’ll get you back.

Mandy	I was supposed to only be here for a week and then back to my life in Miami and now I don’t know what to do.

Jackie	Oh, I know, it’s so stressful when they change your flight around.

Mandy	Right?

Mandy	And I have meetings to get back to and my apartment and the sunshine.

Jackie	Well, on the brightside, those things will be there when you get back.

Mandy	That’s true.

Mandy	And I’m a little worried about the Chesterwood. I mean, I really, really want it, and how am I supposed to make biscotti? And when would I learn to make biscotti? All it is is a sweet cracker.

Jackie	Biscotti?

Jackie	Is this about Lucas?

Mandy	Okay, yes.

Mandy	He’s said there’s caring about your work and then making it your life. And then we didn’t talk on the drive home.

Jackie	Yikes, that must’ve been an awkward ride back.

Mandy	Yeah.

Jackie	Oh, I’m so sorry, Mans.

Mandy	It’s okay. I actually need to focus on the inn anyways, so.

Jackie	It’s okay to be upset about it.

Mandy	I’m not upset about it.

Mandy	Okay, I’m a little upset about it.

Jackie	Okay, take a deep, long breath.

Jackie	And let’s talk about how we’re gonna turn this day around.

Mandy	To be honest, I think I need to be distracted. Are you free this afternoon?

Jackie	Girl, you know I’m always free as a bird for you. What do you have in mind? Self care day? We can get manipedis.

Mandy	Oh, that sounds amazing but I did promise Tammy that I would help her with a few touches back at the inn.

Mandy	I would be so grateful if you could join me.

Jackie	Uh, it’s not quite as relaxing as a spa day,

Jackie	…but if it helps you get one step closer to closing the deal with the O’Connors, I’ll be there.

Mandy	You’re the best, Jacks, I can always count on you.

Jackie	Ooh, I’m late. Okay, I’ll call you later. Ooh, wear comfy clothes.

Jackie	Mm hm.

Jackie	Mm hm.

Jackie	The spa would’ve been really nice.

Mandy	We’re on the east coast, it’s the same time zone

Greg	Oh, so, I’m sorry, is now not a good time?

Mandy	Is everything okay?

Greg	Uh, yeah, totally. Everything’s completely under control. Actually, um, can I put you on hold for just one second?

Greg	Yeah.

Greg	Oh, yes, okay, can I deal with that in like five minutes?

Greg	Okay, I’m back.

Mandy	Level with me, Greg.

Greg	It’s room 203.

Greg	The guest is complaining that it’s somehow too hot and too cold at the same time. I honestly don’t know how you do it.	I’ve tried everything.

Mandy	Okay, how bad is it?

Greg	Well, it’s pretty bad. I would say that the guest is irate. Um, I could really use your help in fixing it.

Mandy	I can’t.

Greg	Um, I’m sorry, can’t.

Mandy	Fix it.

Greg	Oh.

Mandy	You don’t need me, you’re a great people person. I know you can handle it.

Greg	Um, um, thank you, but…

Mandy	Have you spoken to her?

Greg	Uh, yes, a number of times.

Mandy	In person?

Greg	No.

Mandy	What do you think, patterned or textured wallpaper?

Greg	Um?

Mandy	It’s for the inn. I’m helping the owner with a few small renovations.

Greg	Okay, yes, how old is the building?

Mandy	Uh, 1870s Victorian.

Greg	Textured.

Greg	You can never go wrong with a classic.

Mandy	Great.

Greg	So, the guest, any advice?

Mandy	Bottom drawer, left-hand side, knock on the door. Go with the classics.

Greg	(Greg chuckling)

Greg	Go with the classics.

Tammy	I’ll tell you the truth. My main concern is that Lucas is local and he cares about this town and this town cares about him. And Horton Hotels is a big company.

Tammy	I’m just not sure this place will get the same attention and care, you know?

Mandy	I completely understand where you’re coming from. Let me start by keeping my promise from yesterday.

Mandy	A few simple fixes.

Mandy	I mean, why wait right?

Tammy/Mandy	All right.

Tammy	I don’t see the harm in getting some help anyway.

Mandy	Okay.

Mandy	Let me just make a couple phone calls first.

Tammy	Okay

Gram/Mandy	Hi. Hi.

Mandy	Thanks for coming.

Jackie	Of course.

Jackie	Okay, yeah, no, I got perfect stuff. (*music “Ooh”) (*music “Hurry home and come ‘round here”) (*music “I really love this time of year”) (*music “Making plans to get together”) (*music “Memories that will last forever”) (*music “Sharing laughter and sharing joy”) (*music “Everyone is singing, all the girls and boys”) (*music “Some kinda magic is in the air”) (*music “To make a special moment we can share”) (*music “It’s always falling deep outside”) (*music “The day is almost up”) (*music “Come inside and don’t be shy, ‘cause now it’s time to have some fun”) (*music “Christmas. Ah, it’s Christmas”) (*music “And I wanna share this moment with you”) (*music “Christmas. Ah, Christmas”) (*music “And I wanna share this moment”) (*music “With you”)

Gram	(Gram chuckling)

Tammy	When you’re right, you’re right.

Tammy	This place looks 10 times better than it did yesterday.

Tammy	And even better than it did on its best days. Thank you so much, Mandy, for your help, we needed it.

Mandy	Well, this is just the beginning. I mean, imagine what we can do with some deeper pockets.

Tammy	Ah, well, I will give that some thought. I promise you that, but in the meantime, I gotta go check on Bert. He’s got a very nasty cold, but I’ll be back in a few minutes.

Gram	Okay.

Gram	(Gram chuckling)

Lucas	Hello?

Lucas	Oh hi.

Lucas	Hey. Hi.

Lucas	Whoa, this place looks amazing. Did you, did you do this?

Mandy	Well, I mean, not alone. I had some help.

Gram	Mm hm.

Lucas	Three amigos, huh?

Lucas	I mean, it looks really good, I mean, it’s not too much, it’s not too little.

Lucas	Whoa.

Jackie	Yeah, I should go. I could use a shower.

Mandy	Mm hm.

Gram	Right and I’ve gotta pick Ernie up from curling, so.

Lucas/Gram	Oh. Mm hm

Lucas	Bye.

Lucas	Guess I know how to clear a room, huh?

Lucas	(Amanda laughing)

Lucas	I’m sorry about what I said earlier.

Lucas	You care about your work and that’s a good thing.

Lucas	I had no right to pass any judgement on that.

Lucas	To be honest, Leeds, I mean that was me.

Lucas	I never took a lunch break, never took a vacation.

Lucas	And I got burnt out, like hard.

Lucas	So, I just want what’s best for you if that makes any sense.

Mandy	Well, for what it’s worth I’m sorry too.

Mandy	Sometimes I get so wrapped up in work I don’t realize how glued to my phone I am.

Tammy	Oh great, great, you’re here early. I was wondering if we could go over a few things on the menu you gave me.

Lucas	Yeah, absolutely.

Tammy	Excellent.

Mandy	Okay, well, I’ll just leave you to it.

Lucas	I mean, unless you wanna stay?

Lucas	Mandy Are you sure that’s okay? I mean, just so I can check out what the competition is up to.

Tammy	Yeah, we would appreciate the input.

Mandy	Great.

Lucas	Great.

Tammy	Great.

Tammy	Okay, so my first question is will my cook be able to make everything on this menu? He’s not the brightest bulb in the pack.

Lucas	Yeah, I have the recipes printed off, so I think he’ll be okay. But if he needs help I’ll come and teach him.

Mandy	Can I take a look?

Lucas	Yeah, absolutely, I mean most of them are from family recipes, but you know, I got creative with a few.

Mandy	Hm.

Mandy	Chicken Cordon Bleu.

Lucas	Mm hm.

Mandy	Oysters Rockefeller, these are good.

Mandy	These are like really good.

Tammy	Really?

Mandy	Mm hm

Tammy	So even this turnip, how do you say the word?

Lucas	Tartine, its French.

Tammy	Uh huh, Tartine?


Tammy	‘Cause you know, turnips can be hit or miss with people sometimes.

Mandy	Oh, turnips are a hit with me.

Tammy	Really?

Mandy	Yeah.

Tammy	All right, well, you know what, if this is how people are eating nowadays, I’m all for it. But could you do me a favor?

Lucas	Hm?

Tammy	Could you put a couple of classics on the menu? I’m thinking something like a pot roast, fried chicken.

Lucas	Deal, absolutely, done.

Tammy	Great, well, I think it looks good then.

Tammy	Now, it is no secret that you both really want this property

Tammy	and Bert and me, we’re thrilled about your interest. And from what I’ve seen from both of you is that either one of you would be a great choice to run this place.

Tammy	We just have a lot to consider before we make our final decision.

Lucas	I’m sure I could put a good word in, see if I could get the secret family recipe for our spaghetti sauce.

Tammy	The Manzino	Marinara?

Lucas	Yeah, you know it.

Mandy	Well, I can make a single phone call and get you a higher number for this place.

Tammy	While I appreciate those sentiments, I should let you know that it’s about more than just menu or money.

Tammy	Bert and me, we built this place and you know, we just really wanna make sure it’s looked after with the same amount of heart that we gave it. And you guys both have heart, that’s for sure.

Tammy	We just, we just need just another day. To make our final decision.

Mandy	I completely understand.

Tammy	Thank you. I promise I will let you know tomorrow at the Christmas soiree.

Tammy	Hm, see you’re not the only one who can speak French around here.

Lucas	Sounds fair, Tammy. 

Tammy	Okay, so having said that in the meantime I’ve gotta go get prepared for said soiree, so if you’ll excuse me.

Mandy	Okay, see you tomorrow.

Lucas	Later, Tam.

Tammy	Bye guys, thanks for your work.

Lucas	Oh yeah, speaking of work, we still have some moving boxes to unpack at your Gram’s if I’m not mistaken. If you still want help.

Mandy	Wouldn’t mind an extra hand.

Lucas	I’ll bring ‘em both.

Lucas	So, Leeds, you like my menu?

Mandy	Yeah, smooth move with that secret recipe.

Mandy	Must be some spaghetti sauce.

Lucas	Gotta hand it to you though, huh? Coming in with the higher bid.

Mandy/Lucas	Hm. Hm.

Mandy	(Amanda groans) Not my first rodeo.

Mandy	Ooh.

Lucas	Ooh.

Mandy	I cut myself.

Lucas	Really?

Mandy	Ooh, yeah its bleeding.

Lucas	Ooh.

Mandy	I’m gonna go sit down.

Lucas	Uh, where does your grandma keep the first aid kit?

Mandy	Uh, top shelf in the cabinet on the right.

Mandy	(Amanda sighs)

Lucas	Oh, I found it.

Lucas	I found it. Unit one, we got a cut. We’re coming in hot. 

Lucas	Okay.

Lucas	Hey, eyes right here.

Mandy	kay.

Lucas	Follow my finger.

Lucas	Eyes here

Mandy	I see you. It’s not bleeding that bad

Lucas	No, no, don’t look at it, just focus.

Lucas	All right, knock knock?

Mandy	(Amanda sighs)

Mandy	Who’s there?

Lucas	Boo.

Mandy	I’ve heard this one.

Mandy	Knock knock.

Mandy	Who’s there?

Lucas	Boo.

Mandy	Boo who?

Lucas	Oh, hey, it’s okay, you don’t have to cry about it. Just a little cut, see?

Lucas	Everyone’s gotta have a go-to joke.

Mandy	In case of emergencies.

Lucas	That’s right. Just like this. Look at that emergency.

Lucas	How’s that?

Mandy	It’s great.

Lucas	Mm hm

Mandy	Yeah, all better

Mandy	Uh, thank you.

Gram	Nice to be home.

Ernie	Yeah, I hear you.

Lucas	Guess I should go.

Mandy	Yeah.

Lucas	I’ll see you at the party.

Gram	Yeah, you were funny.

Ernie	Aww (ernie)

Mandy	Of course.

Gram	Oh, wow, I can’t believe how much stuff they brought in.

Gram	Hey Mandy, Lucas, where are you?

Lucas	Hey Gramps, Eileen.

Ernie	Oh, well, thanks for all this, kiddo. We owe you one.

Lucas	Not a problem.

Gram	Thanks.

Lucas	Ah, you two look good together.

Gram	Oh (giggling) good night. Thanks again.

Lucas	Thank you, good night.

Gram	Hi.

Jackie	You guys held hands?

Jackie	What is this, middle school?

Mandy	Okay, well, when you put it that way it doesn’t sound like a big deal, but it was cute.

Jackie	Oh no, trust me, this is a big deal. I’m still trying to recover from the fact that you guys are even on speaking terms and now you’re going to get married and have babies.

Mandy	Okay, whoa, you missed a couple steps, I mean, we haven’t even kissed yet.

Jackie	Yeah, but you almost did, which means it’s only a matter of time before (humming), and no pressure, but just saying your babies would be so cute.

Mandy	Oh, oh, no pressure, huh?

Jackie	No.

Jackie	Are you sure you wanna stick around? I don’t need my cappuccino that bad.

Mandy	No, it’s fine.

Ashley	Look who it is.

Lucas	Oh.

Ashley	Hi.

Lucas	Hey.

Jackie	Hi.

Ashley	Look at us all together again.

Lucas	What are you up to?

Mandy	Uh, we were actually just about to go get ready for Tammy’s Christmas Eve Party.

Mandy	How about you?

Ashley	We’re keeping busy.

Jackie	Ash, you’re still Christmas shopping?

Ashley	I’m almost done. It’s been so tough for Main Street this year so I’m doing all my shopping locally.

Ashley	And speaking of locally, Amanda, I hear that you are also bidding on the Chesterwood?

Lucas	Yeah, I’m just gonna order something really quick. You want something or?

Ashley	Oh, I would love a coffee. Thanks Luke.

Woman	That looks delicious.

Ashley	So, the inn?

Mandy	Uh, yeah. I mean, it’s a great opportunity and I feel like we can really revive the business.

Clerk	Hey Lucas, what can I get for you?

Lucas	Hey, I’ll grab one coffee and one cappuccino.

Clerk	Of course.

Ashley	Well, this town really needs the hotel to work

Ashley	but I just feel like Lucas knows Hollybush so well, you know?

Lucas	What’d I miss?

Ashley	Oh, we were just discussing how both you and Amanda are bidding on the Chesterwood.

Lucas	That comes up a lot huh?

Mandy	Yeah.

Ashley	Well, I personally don’t think it’s gonna be much of a competition. I mean 99% of Hollybush is rallying for you to win, and come on, we all know how much Tammy cares about what people think, so.

Lucas	I don’t know, Ash.

Lucas	I mean, you should see what Leeds has been doing over there. It’s quite impressive.

Ashley	Well, this might sound harsh, but I just don’t think she’s as good as you, Luke.

Ashley	I’m actually really good at my job.

Ashley	Yeah.

Jackie	Well this has been fun, but Mans and I have to go get ready for the party.

Mandy	Yep.

Ashley	Okay, see you there.

Ashley	(Ashley giggling)

Lucas	Really?

Ashley	What?

Lucas	(lucas scoffs)

Mandy	Okay, she is as bad as I remember.

Mandy	Let’s not worry about her. We have a party to get ready for.

Jackie	Mm hm.

Lucas	Hey.

Mandy	Hey.

Jackie	Yeah, I’m gonna go grab, go grab my…

Jackie	…whatever, I’ll see you in the car.

Mandy	Okay.

Lucas	I meant what I said at the table. I think you’re doing a great job with the inn.

Mandy	I appreciate it.

Lucas	I mean, I’ve had all these visions for it and you just keep bringing new ideas.

Mandy	You just like the competition, don’t ya?

Lucas	Yeah.

Lucas	Yeah, I do.

Lucas	But I mean if I’m gonna lose…

Lucas	…might as well lose to you, right?

Mandy	Hm.

Mandy	I’ll see you tonight?

Lucas	Yeah.

Lucas	Let me get that.

Mandy	Oh

Mandy	Thanks.

Mandy	You know, Jacks, you’re seriously the only person in this world I trust enough to do this.

Jackie	Well that’s because I’m amazing at it.

Mandy	Mm hm.

Jackie	And because that salon lady really overdid your prom makeup.

Jackie	That’s when I got why you couldn’t trust anyone to do anything for you.

Mandy	Oh, no, okay, I think that is a bit of an exaggeration.

Jackie	What, no, no, no. It’s not a bad thing, okay? Some people just need to work a little extra to earn your trust. It’s who you are and I love every bit of you.

Mandy	Have I told you how awesome you are?

Jackie	No, but if you lived here you could tell me everyday.

Jackie	I know, true. (both laughing)

Jackie	No, seriously though, I miss you.

Jackie	And call me crazy, but you seem pretty happy ever since you’ve been back.

Mandy	It has been nice being home.

Mandy	I love seeing Gram so happy…

Mandy	…and I have a really good feeling about the Chesterwood, so.

Jackie	I think you’re forgetting something or shall I say someone off the list.

Mandy	Yeah, Lucas.

Mandy	Things have been pretty great with us, even if he is friends with she who shall not be named.

Jackie/Mandy	No, ding dong, I’m talking about me! I make you happy!

Mandy	I was saving the best for last.

Mandy/Jackie	Uh huh. (Jackie scoffs)

Mandy	I was.

Jackie	Okay, are you ready to head over and impress everyone with our sweet dance moves?

Mandy	Absolutely.

Jackie	Mm hm.

Mandy	Let’s do this

Jackie	Mm hm.

Mandy	Let’s do this

Tammy	Well, it’s just been so nice of you guys to come. You know, every year at Christmas we do this.

Jackie	You got this. I’ll see you in there?

Mandy	Wish me luck.

Mandy	(Amanda sighs)

Mandy	Excuse me, Tammy.

Tammy	Okay, I’ll see you guys up there. Okay, Merry Christmas.

Tammy	Hi. (tammy) 

Mandy	Hi

Mandy	I just wanted to make sure that I wasn’t too forward when I was talking about a higher bid, I

Tammy	Oh.

Mandy	I want you to know it’s not all about money for me either and I care about the inn.

Tammy	It’s fine, it’s fine, it’s fine. You know, I’ve been thinking about this situation a lot and you know if I really went with my gut

Mandy	Yeah.

Tammy	I think I would, ooh, oh those look scrumptious

Lucas	Oh, hi, yeah, I was just gonna run those upstairs.

Tammy	Oh, no, that’s okay.

Tammy	Bert!

Bert	Yes, dear? (bert) 

Tammy	Take these upstairs (tammy)

Bert	Yes, dear.

Tammy	Come on, Bert. (tammy) 

Bert	Oh (bert)

Lucas	Thanks Bert.

Mandy	(Amanda laughing)

Mandy	Lucas Wow, you look beautiful.

Mandy	Thank you. (*music “And all the bells on earth shall ring”) (*music “On Christmas Day, on Christmas Day”)

Gram	Oh, hi.

Tammy	How are you?

Ernie	Hey, I was wondering where you were.

Tammy	Yeah, Merry Christmas.

Gram	You look beautiful

Bert	Great, Ernie, thanks.


Gram	What a pretty girl

Tammy	Thanks (tammy)

Ernie	You remember this guy.

Gram	Hi, is your cold better?

Bert	All better. (bert)

Gram	Oh, come, come, come

Tammy	Yep, yep, it’s better. (*music “Christmas Day”) (*music “All the souls on earth shall sing”) (*music “On Christmas Day in the morning, Christmas Day in the morning”) (muffled talking) (*music “I saw three ships come sailing in”)

Mandy	So, you got anymore tricks up your sleeve or is biscotti your real show stopper?

Lucas	Have you even tried it yet?

Mandy	(*music “I saw three ships come sailing in”) (amanda scoffs) (*music “On Christmas Day”)

Mandy	Oh, yeah, it’s good.

Mandy	Like really good.

Mandy	I see why Tammy likes it. Wow, okay, we gotta get away from this or I’m gonna eat the whole plate. (*music “On Christmas Day in the morning”)

Lucas	Hey, listen, I’m sorry about what happened with Ashley earlier. She can get carried away sometimes.

Mandy	Sometimes?

Mandy	She’s a grown woman and she acts like a 17 year old.

Lucas	(lucas laughing) You’re absolutely right.

Lucas	Look, I’m not trying to make any excuses for her here, but I mean, you know this town, right? Ashley’s never left Hollybush and she loves it here. I mean, she got really upset with me when I moved to New York. Probably didn’t forgive me until I decided to move back

Mandy	And again, I know this doesn’t explain everything, but like many people here, they’re just really protective on this town and the people in it.

Mandy	I get it.

Mandy	It’s just she can be a little frosty.

Lucas	That’s a good way to put it.

Lucas	Plus, you know, I mean, she thinks that I like you and stuff.

Mandy	Oh, yeah?

Mandy	What do you think?

Lucas	I- (*music “Tinsel silver”)

Lucas	I think I wanna dance.

Lucas	You? (*music “Lights surround the tree”)

Mandy	Yeah. (*music “Garland gold come behold”) (*music “the colors of Christmas”) (*music “Children stockings, warm and bright”) (*music “Hanging for all to see”) 

Lucas	Wow, I can’t remember the last time I was on a dance floor.

Mandy	Was it prom?

Lucas	Wow

Lucas	I’m not that rusty am I?

Mandy	Well, I’ve seen worse.

Lucas	So, Leeds, what’s the plan?

Lucas	I mean, I have a feeling you’re gonna to get the inn.

Lucas	Gonna see you around here more often?

Lucas	Gonna see you around here more often?

Mandy	What makes you think I’m gonna get the inn?

Mandy	Your biscotti’s pretty convincing.

Lucas	Just a gut feeling.

Mandy	Well, if I do get the inn then, yeah.

Mandy	I’ll be here for a few weeks at a time.

Lucas	Hm

Mandy	What?

Lucas	Nothing, will just be good to see you around here more.

Mandy	Yeah?

Lucas	Yeah, you know, maybe I’ll ask you out sometime.

Mandy	Maybe you should. (*music “But you always knew”)

Gram	There you go, I told you that would look sharp on ya.

Gram	Isn’t he handsome?

Jackie	Very dapper. (*music “The colors of Christmas”)

Gram	Oh, hi.

Mandy	Hi

Tammy	Hi guys.

Gram/Mandy	You guys are cutting the rug out there.

Tammy	Is everyone having fun?

Lucas	Absolutely.

Mandy	Tammy, you did such a wonderful job, you sure know how to throw a party.

Mandy	Oh, well, I couldn’t have done it without you.

Tammy	I wanted to thank both of you for everything.

Tammy	I mean, with your decorating and your cooking skills, you’d make a heck of a great team.

Tammy	Just something to think about.

Tammy	Bert and me, we finally had a chance to sit down and chat about who should get the inn.

Tammy	And so we’ve decided

Ashley	Hello, everybody.

Mandy	Oh, merry Christmas, Ashley.

Ashley	Enjoying the party are we?

Ashley	Perhaps a little too much even.

Tammy	I’m glad you could make it, Miss Clayton.

Ashley	Oh, I wouldn’t miss this for the world.

Ashley	Oh, Mrs. O’Connor, have you gotten a chance to say goodbye to Amanda yet?

Tammy	What, what do you mean?

Ashley	Amanda Leeds is not here to stay.

Ashley	She’s going back to Miami after the holidays.

Tammy	Well, of course she would wanna go back and get her things before she moved back home. Of course she would.

Ashley	Oh, no, no, you’re misunderstanding me. Amanda does not intend to stay here even if you sell the Chesterwood to her.

Ashley	That’s right.

Ashley	She plans to buy the hotel and then leave Hollybush again.

Ashley	(party goers gasping) (muffled whispering)

Ashley	I guess she thinks she’s too good for us.

Mandy	I wanted to speak to you privately about this, but now that everyone is listening

Mandy	I was planning on designating a team for this specific project, but it was just because I have to go back to Miami and I can’t really do both.

Mandy	And so I don’t, And

Tammy	No, no, no, now, now, now, now, it’s okay. It’s okay, it’s okay. Now, now, now, now. I am going to speak to Mrs. Leeds privately.

Tammy	Everyone just enjoy the party. Go on, enjoy the party.

Tammy	Bert, make more punch.

Bert	Yes, dear.

Gram	Well.

Mandy	Tammy, I swear, I was planning on giving you a full run through before I assigned a team. Plus, I’d be only a couple hours away because I’d be transferring to the Manhattan office, so that I could be here constantly while we got things up and running.

Tammy	And I really wish it had happened that way, privately. But what happened in there doesn’t look good on you hun.

Tammy	It certainly doesn’t look good on me and Bert.

Tammy	I don’t know how we could sell you the hotel right now, ‘cause the town would riot.

Mandy	They need a familiar face in there.

Tammy	I’m so sorry.

Mandy	I—-

Tammy	Me too.

Tammy	I really didn’t want it to work out like this.

Tammy	Mandy

Jackie	Come on, Mans, please don’t go.

Mandy	I was just so close.

Gram	Honey, you should be very, very proud of yourself.

Jackie	Yeah, you would’ve gotten it if it wasn’t for that vixen.

Tammy	She’s a troubled one that’s for sure.

Mandy	I’m not even mad at Ashley.

Mandy	I mean I expected it from her, but Lucas?

Mandy	I mean

Jackie	Are you 100% sure that he’s the one that told her that you weren’t staying for good?

Mandy	I don’t know.

Jackie	Yeah, it’s just weird.

Jackie	He tried to run after you when Tammy pulled you aside, and when I cornered him he said he had no idea how she found out.

Jackie	I don’t know, it seemed like he was telling the truth.

Mandy	Well how else would she have found out?

Jackie	I dunno.

Gram	Well, why don’t you stay at my house tonight and you’ll wake up with family Christmas morning, okay?

Gram	Well, why don’t you stay at my house tonight and you’ll wake up with family Christmas morning, okay?

Mandy	Okay, fine. I’ll stay, but just for tonight.

Mandy	Tomorrow morning I’m going to try and find a train outta here.

Mandy	(Amanda sighs)

Mandy	But you know what we should do? We should watch a Christmas movie.

Gram	Absolutely.

Mandy	Oh. Mandy

Mandy	Okay, I have an idea.

Jackie	What is it?

Mandy	Scratch the movie.

Mandy	This party’s just getting started.

Gram	Hello, everybody?

Gram	My girl has something to say.

Mandy	Excuse me, I’m sorry to interrupt. Um.

Mandy	I know a lot of you are upset with me right now, and I don’t blame you.

Mandy	Um, I shoulda told Tammy about my plan from the beginning instead of all of you finding out at once.

Mandy	And for that, I am truly, genuinely, sorry.

Mandy	I am formally withdrawing my offer to purchase the Chesterwood.

Mandy	(party goers gasping)

Mandy	And something that I don’t want spreading is that I don’t care about this town or the people in it because I do.

Mandy	This is my home.

Mandy	And just because I moved away doesn’t mean that I forgot where I came from.

Mandy	I’m a small town girl at heart.

Mandy	And if there’s one thing you need to know about small town girls is that they’re the most loyal people you’ll ever meet.

Mandy	So now I have a question for you all.

Mandy	Are you ready to have a great Christmas!?

Mandy	Okay, so, I brought a friend with me tonight. Some of the younger crowd might know her. So please give a warm welcome to GinnyZee!

GinnyZee	*singing “It’s about this time now this year”

GinnyZee	*singing ”Coming up on Christmas”.

GinnyZee	*singing ”I dream about friends from far and near”.

GinnyZee	*singing ”You know I wanna see ya”.

GinnyZee	*singing ”There’s only one thing that you should know”.

GinnyZee	*singing ”Well, you’re my go-to, go-to, go-to”.

GinnyZee	*singing ”I really, really wanna show you”.

GinnyZee	*singing ”I really, really wanna know you”.

GinnyZee	*singing ”How very much I wanna hold you”.

GinnyZee	*singing ”My one and only baby go- to”.

GinnyZee	(crowd cheering)

GinnyZee	*singing “presents wrapped up ready to go”

GinnyZee	*singing ”And mighty so fine”.

GinnyZee	*singing ”And a little bit of mistletoe”.

GinnyZee	*singing ”It’ll make your bells chime”.

GinnyZee	*singing ”All tied up with a perfect bow”.

GinnyZee	*singing ”’Cause you know you’re all mine, all mine, all mine”.

GinnyZee	(crowd cheering)

GinnyZee	* singing* “I really really wanna show you.”

GinnyZee	* singing* “I really really wanna know you.”

GinnyZee	* singing* “How very much I wanna hold you.”

GinnyZee	*singing ”My one and only baby go- to”.

GinnyZee	*singing* ”I really, really wanna show you”.

GinnyZee	*singing* ”I really, really wanna know you”.

GinnyZee	*singing ”How very much I wanna hold you”.

GinnyZee	*singing ”My one and only baby, oh so go-to.

GinnyZee	* singing* “I know you know, I know you know.”

GinnyZee	* singing* “I know you know, I know you know.”

GinnyZee	* singing* “I really really really really wanna know.”

GinnyZee	* singing* “I know you know.”

GinnyZee	* singing* “I know you know.”

GinnyZee/Background singers	*singing* Bye”.

GinnyZee	*singing* Put a little Christmas in your heart”.

GinnyZee	*singing* Put a little Christmas in your heart”.

GinnyZee	*singing* Put a little Christmas in your heart”.

GinnyZee	*singing* Put a little Christmas in your heart”.

GinnyZee	*singing* Put a little Christmas in your heart”.

Ashley	Woo!

GinnyZee	*singing* Put a little Christmas in your heart”.

GinnyZee	*singing* “In your heart”.

GinnyZee	*singing* “Put a little Christmas in your heart”.

GinnyZee	*singing* “In your heart”.

GinnyZee	*singing* “Put a little Christmas in your heart”.

GinnyZee	*singing* “In your heart”.

GinnyZee	*singing* Put a little Christmas in your heart”.

GinnyZee	*singing* “In your heart”.

GinnyZee	*singing* “In your heart”.

GinnyZee	(crowd cheering)

Ashley	Woo!

Jackie	That was amazing, Mans.

Mandy	I know, I can’t believe she came.

Jackie	Are you sure you’re going to be okay?

Mandy	Yeah, I mean, it sucks for now but I’ll be fine.

Jackie	Well, I for one have got to say

Jackie	that you are the most amazing, most ambitious

Jackie	most epic boss lady I have ever met.

Jackie	Seriously, how could you have possibly

Jackie	gotten cooler since high school.

Mandy	Well, obviously I learned it from you.

Jackie	Oh, well, that totally makes sense.

Jackie	But let’s talk about Gram’s dancing.

Mandy	Oh, my gosh.

Jackie	What was that?

Mandy	Amazing, she’s so cute.

Jackie	Did you see that robot thing she did?

Mandy	Oh my gosh.

Jackie	I think she was me

Jackie	Trying to one up

Mandy	Absolutely, she definitely

Gram	Merry Christmas.

Mandy	Merry Christmas, Grams.

Grams	Oh honey.

Mandy	(lips smacking)

Gram	I hope you still like blueberry.

Mandy	Ah, you know I do.

Gram	Great.

Mandy	Is Ernie here?

Gram	Oh no, not quite.

Gram	Um, he, uh

Mandy	What’s going on, Grams?

Grams	Nothing that I know of.

Gram	Uh, he, um, Ernie, um.

Gram	Would you, do you want some juice?

Mandy	No, thank you.

Gram	Coffee?

Gram	Okay.

Ernie	Merry Christmas, kiddo.

Mandy	Merry Christmas, Ernie.

Gram	Okay, so don’t be mad at him, be mad at me.

Mandy	I could never be mad at you, Grams.

Mandy	What’s Lucas doing here?

Gram	Well, I asked Ernie to pick him up.

Gram	Lucas did not tell Ashley that-

Gram	you’re going back to the city.

Gram	I did.

Mandy	What?

Gram	Well, not directly, but I played bridge

Gram	with her grandmother and I was talking about how wonderful

Gram	it was to have you here and how much.

Gram	I was gonna miss you when you were gone.

Gram	Oh boy, I didn’t connect the dots until early this morning.

Gram	I just feel terrible that I said anything

Gram	and I’m so sorry if I jeopardized your career.

Mandy	It’s okay, you didn’t do it on purpose.

Mandy	And honestly, I should’ve been upfront-

Mandy	with Tammy from the beginning.

Mandy	with Tammy from the beginning.

Mandy	That’s my fault.

Gram	Lucas, would you like to stay for breakfast?

Mandy	Could be fun.

Lucas	I’d love to.

Lucas	Yeah, thank you.

Gram	Great, well, I better just get cooking.

Ernie	And I’ll help you.

Mandy	Hi. 
Lucas	Hey.

Lucas	How are you doing?

Mandy	I’m okay.

Mandy	I’m really happy for you.

Mandy	You’re an amazing chef.

Mandy	You’re gonna knock it outta the park.

Mandy	I wouldn’t wanna deprive Hollybush of that.

Lucas	Yeah, about that.

Lucas	I, I may have dropped out of the running and told Tammy

Lucas	that I think you’d be a better fit for the Chesterwood.

Mandy	Why, you’ve worked so hard for this, too.

Lucas	‘Cause I want what’s best for this town

Lucas	and I think you’re it.

Lucas	I actually told Tammy yesterday morning before the party

Lucas	which is why I think she was so rattled

Lucas	because she suddenly went from two buyers to zero.

Mandy	I can’t believe you did that for me.

Mandy	I mean, isn’t Tammy and slash pretty much all

Mandy	of Hollybush still upset with me for leaving?

Lucas	Well, your friend actually made quite the impression.

Lucas	I mean, she started geo- tagging all her posts

Lucas	started hyping the town, hyping the inn.

Lucas	I mean the bookings started coming in like hotcakes.

Lucas	Look, the inn’s completely booked till after Valentine’s Day.

Mandy	(Amanda gasps)

Mandy	Really?

Lucas	And Tammy, man, I’ve never seen Tammy so happy before.

Mandy	That’s amazing.

Lucas	That’s you.

Mandy	(Amanda sighs)

Lucas	But listen, Tammy wants to tell you the rest herself,

Lucas	but I can assure you the inn is yours if you still want it.

Mandy	I’m getting the inn.

Lucas	You’re getting the inn.

Mandy	And you knew when we were dancing?

Lucas	Yeah, yeah, maybe less of a gut feeling

Lucas	and more a secret surprise I guess.

Mandy/	I just wanna say

Lucas	Why don’t

Lucas	Get No, I think

Lucas	Time out.

Mandy	Stop.

Lucas	You go first.

Mandy	I just wanted to say thank you for talking to Tammy.

Mandy	She values what you have to say.

Lucas	Well, honestly, all I did was help Tammy

Lucas	realize what she already knew.

Lucas	That you’re the best fit for the Chesterwood.

Lucas	I mean, hands down, no question.

Lucas	Right, you did the work and you showed that you cared.

Mandy	Well, there was one thing I wanted to run by you.

Mandy	I was planning on talking to you about it

Mandy	if I got the Chesterwood

Mandy	It’s just an offer and see if you like it.

Lucas	Okay.

Mandy	I can handle the day-to-day operations.

Mandy	I’ll be back and forth from New York City.

Lucas	New York City?

Mandy	Mm hm

Mandy	That’s where corporate is.

Mandy	Just a couple hours away and I’ll be transferring there

Mandy	once the deal goes through.

Lucas	So, I’ll be seeing a lot more of you then, huh?

Mandy	Mm hm.

Mandy	Well, that’s what I wanted to ask you.

Mandy	I mean, we’ll need a head chef for the restaurant.

Lucas/Mandy	I mean, if you know anyone interested.

Lucas	Um, you know, maybe, maybe.

Lucas	I mean, is there dental?

Lucas	Are you serious?

Mandy	Yes

Lucas	Wow, no, thank you.

Lucas	That’s incredible.

Lucas	You’re incredible.

Mandy	So what did you wanna ask me?

Lucas	Really just wondering when you’re headding down

Lucas	south again, ‘cause I’m assuming you gotta pack, right?

Lucas	To move to New York City.

Mandy	Well, I was thinking of staying here through New Years.

Mandy	I pushed that big meeting with my boss.

Lucas	Hm, that’s interesting.

Mandy	What’s interesting?

Lucas	No, just maybe we can hang out a bit more now?

Lucas	After all, if I’m gonna be your head chef,

Lucas	I mean, you’re gonna have to approve everything on the menu.

Mandy	Absolutely

Lucas	Right, there’s gonna be

Lucas	alotta taste testing.

Mandy	Lots of taste testing.

Lucas	And probably some one-on-one cooking lessons.

Mandy	Mm hm, mm hm.

Lucas	Maybe?

Mandy	You really do know a way to a girl’s heart.

Lucas	It’s biscotti.

Lucas	There’s just one more thing.

Mandy	Yeah?

Ernie	So, after that I just said I’ll see ya later.

Gram	Ah well, Merry Christmas, everybody.

Mandy	Merry Christmas.

Gram	Let’s eat.

Lucas	Merry Christmas.

Mandy	Yes

Ernie	Merry Christmas everybody.

Gram	Oh.

Lucas	Here’s the plate.
