BRIGGS	They say, when you hear the sounds of devils, all else is quiet.

SOLDIER	Hold the line!

BRIGGS	My general question to that is how do you know if what you are hearing is the work of such devious beings?

BRIGGS	I would venture to say that most devilish noises occur when large numbers of men decide to force the hand of mortality upon one another.  And I’d say further, that on such occasions, there is not just one sound, but many.  It is a quiet orchestra of death…

SOLDIER	Fire!

BRIGGS	It is also possible that the man that wrote that saying might-a just had some broke ears. 

BRIGGS	I had been moved from one wiped out regiment to the next.  Witnessing countless moral follies. I met General McClain the last summer of the war. Peculiar Man.

GENERAL MCCLAIN	 Captain Lee Briggs.

BRIGGS	Sir.

MCCLAIN	Man of nine lives.  You any idea how many divisions have us pinned here?

BRIGGS	No sir.

MCCLAIN	Let’s just say, enough to make fate unfavorable.  Now I’ve got a job for you Briggs.  It has recently come to my attention that an object of the Grandest design has been discovered east of the Colorado Basin.  Given the undeniable truth that we here are on a collision course with destiny.  Neither I nor my men will be able to give witness to this object.  But someone ought to see it. I reckon it should be you.  

MCCLAIN	Sole survivor of the 22nd Connecticut.  

MCCLAIN	Even one man alive is homage to the rest. Make record of your journey Briggs.

BRIGGS	To be given a pass… To watch all others Go…is perhaps the most troubling thing to one’s being.  

BRIGGS	Sometimes when I wake up I feel like I’m still sleeping; I feel like all colors and shapes of the world have collided and all I can do is just sit there and watch.  I think a person’s heart has a way of turning off when it can’t find reason.  I guess that’s why nature has always had an inspiring presence.  Everything follows a purpose.  I guess we’re missing something.  Why do we struggle to breathe a more righteous breath, when we all end up in the same place?  I’d like to hope our history is worth remembering.

BRIGGS	An imprint of careful design. A feeling of heartfelt purpose and a sense of hope for something bigger than ourselves. Then, maybe I’ll wake up.

CAMBRIDGE	ISS module thirty two delta, this is Cambridge. Do you have a fix on us? Over.

LEE	Copy that. This is thirty two delta. I’ve got you. 

CAMBRIDGE	Alpha bravo, we are linking your sat com pins now. Wait for transmission to follow.

LEE	Copy that.

CAMBRIDGE	That is, tick 8 niner 43 point two three. Follow at 32 point three five point one two point six seven.  Follow at twenty one point zero one. 

CAMBRIDGE	ISS your sat com link is now active. Houston, you have line operation.

HOUSTON	Roger that, thank you Cambridge. How are you up there?

LEE	I’m doing fine how are you?

HOUSTON	We’re all doing well. We've been monitoring your interlink bi-peds.  Very pleased with the results. How are you feeling now that you've been able to settle in?

LEE	Good. The station is in pretty decent shape. The only device that seems really out of whack is the RS7 pump. It seems to be operating at half pressure.

HOUSTON	Well don’t worry we’ll add it to the squad sheet.

LEE	Well for the sake of future ISS inhabitants I strongly recommend it.

HOUSTON	Did you receive the data package?

COMPUTER SCREEN TEXT	Incoming multi-plex data

COMPUTER SCREEN TEXT	File error

LEE	Yeah it just started.  Houston this thing ain’t opening. Do you want to resend it.

HOUSTON	No. Why don’t you give the audio a try?
 
LEE	Alright one moment.

TALK SHOW HOST	Captain! Lee! Miller!

HOUSTON	Yeah we recorded this the other night.

LEE	Oh God.

TALK SHOW HOST	We haven’t been in space almost twenty years now right?

LEE	I gotta tell ya, uh, I feel so honored and oh….

LEE	I sound terrible.

LEE	…to be one of the first to be going back after so long.

HOUSTON	I’ll make sure the guys get the visual for you.  

LEE 	…little nervous, but uh…  

HOUSTON	We have a com link test down her at twenty three hundred, so we’ll get back to you in the morning.
 
LEE	All right. You guys have a good night.

HOUSTON	Likewise. Houston and Cambridge out. 

NEWS VOICE	Troops with armored vehicles and machine guns didn’t feel comfortable going into that area In the aftermath of the bombing.


23 ALPHA	ISS module this is 23 Alpha in for Cambridge, how do you read me? Over.ISS module this is 23 Alpha in for Cambridge, how do you read? Over.

LEE	Copy that, this is ISS.

23 ALPHA	ISS, this is 23 Alpha, can you transmit your orbital bearing numbers, we’re doing a quick line op test.

LEE	Ok.

23 ALPHA	give us eight packets and we’ll figure the constant.

LEE	Eight packets is a hell of a projection.

23 ALPHA	Yeah well they want to see if the ISS will stay in orbit without remote positioning.

LEE	Copy that. Did you receive em?

23 ALPHA	Looks like it, thanks.  How’re you holding up?

LEE	Good.

23 ALPHA	Good.  Well don’t want to keep ya. 23 Alpha out.  God speed Lee.

LEE	God speed to you too.

CAMBRIDGE	ISS thirty two this is mission control Cambridge. did you receive our data package?

LEE	Copy that. It’s downloading right now. Did you guys re-zipper the clip from the late show?

CAMBRIDGE	negative.  I believe the chaps will get that to you later. This is a recorded message from your brother.

LEE	Copy that.

CAMBRIDGE	Cheers.

LEE’S BROTHER	Hey buddy! hope everything is going well up there.  thinking about you.  But, the important news is: you are officially an uncle.  You’ve got a nephew and he’s beautiful.  He’s just incredible. he can’t wait to meet you. I’m gonna try to send some photos if I can figure it out. It’s so complicated to do that with these guys. anyway, take care of yourself.  Please.  I’ll talk to you soon. Bye.

LEE	Hey Houston did you pick that up?

LEE	Cambridge have I been crossed over yet?

LEE	Cambridge this is ISS thirty seven.  Did you guys pick up that radio interference?

ROGERS	That’s a tough one.  People need other people.  That’s why I really think I’m a storyteller. I will get into situations where I probably shouldn’t stick my nose in, but I do.  Cause I feel that I’ve seen a lot, I’ve been through a lot.  That’s really in my opinion the only real way to communicate among the races and the people in the world.  And if I can drop a word here or there or a little tale here or there that I think might help somebody…I’ll drop it like a bomb. And if something like that ever did happen, where everybody stops talking, everybody stop telling stories, everybody stop relating, nobody learns anything, no one knows anything.  I wouldn’t even want to think about what that would be like. Maybe peaceful as hell. 

ROGERS 	I think it’d be a horrible world.

LEE	M.C. this is ISS do you guys have a read on me?

LEE	MC this is ISS. Do you copy?

LEE	This is fucking genius.Make a big radio with English buttons, and then write a manual for it in Russian.

LEE	Houston this is ISS, do you copy?

LEE	Houston? Cambridge? do you copy?

LEE	Cambridge this is ISS. do you copy? Cambridge this is ISS. do you copy?

HOUSTON	Hello Lee. Sorry I’m sending this message as a recording. But I’ll be honest…it’s the best I can do right now.  Still, I’m kinda glad I don’t have to tell you this directly.  We’ve had some shit going on down here that I… I don’t even know where to begin.  Even if I wanted to bring you out of orbit, I don’t have the people  to do it. Look we’re gonna need you to  sit tight for awhile.  Sorry. Sorry.

LEE	I don’t what kind of transmission that was and unless I’m mistaken we’re nowhere near April. So I’m going to need a confirmation of any sort of mission extension from you assholes.

LEE	Look, I don’t think it’s funny, and if you guys are doing some type of stress experiments or isolation test, well then you can stop now, because I’m very isolated and very stressed. If the line is open enough for me to get a pre recorded message then I know you can hear me, and I would appreciate knowing what the hell is going on!! 

LEE	Houston? Cambridge? This is ISS, do you copy???

COMPUTER SCREEN TEXT	Re-evaluate life support systems.

COMPUTER SCREEN TEXT	Life support endurance analysis Crew:1 Mission duration: unknown

COMPUTER SCREEN TEXT	Nitrogen levels… Carbon levels…

COMPUTER SCREEN TEXT	Shutdown oxygen flow to sections 5 & 6

JOHNSON	When that inner activity is suddenly, just cut and you’re just left kind of standing by yourself in the darkness. Kinda like I didn’t see that coming, what was that all about? you know like, where do I go from here? I think we control our own surroundings, for the most part. we can decide to go here or there, but once we’ve established ourselves I think that’s when our environment starts to take a toll on our personality and you know our habits and the way we think everyday.  We’re social creatures and we need to interact with people.That’s why relationships are so important so crucial for existence…Cause if you don’t talk to anybody, you don’t interact with anybody, then your whole sense of reality is pretty warped.

LEE	Ring circuit breakers complete.  Run physical diagnostics check.  Blah, blah, blah, 

LEE	I should make a proper introduction since I am the Captain.  My name is Lee. And you are?  You’re an Astronaut whose Polaroid I’m talking to. This place sucks.

COMPUTER SCREEN TEXT	No signal.

LEE	These guys definitely won a space trip in orbit.  You on the other hand, well put it this way: if I was on your mission, we would definitely have some problems. God I love your smile.  How ‘bout this? I catch a ride off this joint get back home, take a shower & throw on a suit. we’ll head downtown - east village, great little Italian restaurant and hell, while I’m making it up how about a nice Malibu sunset? wow it’s the best.  Malibu sunset.  Yeah that’s what we’d do.  God.

LEE	I gotta tell ya, I feel, so honored and thankful to be

HOUSTON	….kinda glad I don’t have to tell you this directly

LEE	Whose idea was it to try to make a shower? I wanna shower

LEE’S BROTHER	That’s right. you’ve got a nephew.  And he’s…. I’m gonna try and send some photos, if I can figure out…complicated with these guys.

LEE	Three seconds on the shot clock.  Ball’s passed into play - goes to Miller. He shoots…

LEE	Roll it.

LEE’S BROTHER	Hey buddy! hope everything’s going well up there.  

LEE	Where the hell is my fucking video?! 

LEE	FUCK!

LEE	Why am I funny?

WOMAN	Where are you going?

LEE	I gotta reroute some power.

WOMAN	Why?

LEE	Because. the station’s broken.

WOMAN	Do you think you are broken?

LEE	I am choosing to entertain you, because A: my logic slipped a long time ago and B: 

LEE	I forgot what B was. but … Make up any good reason in your head and its probably in mine too. 

LEE	Journal of captain Lee Briggs 22nd Connecticut 7th infantry division. my personal thoughts and findings leading to our discovery. June fourth - eighteen sixty four.

JESSE	You know you can plan life, but yet, it doesn’t mean it’s gonna happen. You know, you can, plan and plan and plan and, put something over here and design something over here and put borders on this and that in life. But it doesn’t mean anything cause you’re not in control. Because nothing is guaranteed and nothing is secure in this world.  So what is the most important thing? I mean everybody wants to be loved and, and when you actually feel it… I mean it’s kinda like with your parents, it’s kinda one of those things where it is what it is, because you grow up into it. but when you actually experience it with someone else outside of that shell… it’s veryinteresting.  It’s very fulfilling.

WOMAN	Are you waiting for someone?

WOMAN	Why are you sitting by yourself?

WOMAN	Subtitled:  What’s your favorite season?

LEE	I forgot.

WOMAN	There are no seasons. just time. 

LEE	…another sip of your wine.  If you please. for my mouth is empty, oh my my.  Oh how it’s tempting lying here. all of the days are slowly slipping. Everybody sing… away. 

BRIGGS	We found defeat again at Chancellorsville. It’s quite an unsettling feeling to face one’s nerves this often.  To accept death before each called advance is frightening. And it is the only way to move boots made solid by the sounds of shelling.  I can’t explain all of this.  

BRIGGS	What uncertainty does to a man’s soul. But I do know it can drive the mind mad. Seventeen thousand dead in one engagement. The mind is like a closed grave. Some would say it is the grace of God that gives us the strength to bear the shaking timbers and the falling earth.  Most would agreethere was just no where to go. 
LEE	God I hate sevens.  God I hate sevens

LEE	He’s a sore loser.

LEE	OK this is the space station. right? We are approximately two hundred and twenty miles from earth. Okay?  You see the original space station is what they call LEO, which stands for Low Earth Orbit. Later with technology we were able to go a lot farther than that.

WOMAN	Subtitled:  Why do you think we are here?

WOMAN	Does it bother you that we’re not real?

LEE	I don’t know.

LEE	They assure me that it’s not theshape but what lies over the ridges crest...

LEE	What?  I’m looking at it from a different angle.  Well I don’t like the ending either but I’m not reading it with my eyes.  I’m reading it through this monitor.  So we can make sure that we’ve missed no details of our odd tale. 

BRIGGS	How can eyes that have seen so much be brought to life by a simple thing?  It is as if we have some sort of pre-destined tempo of destruction.  I’ve decided that I’m not looking for one discovery I am simply hoping we have a history worth remembering. 

LEE	An imprint of careful design, a feeling of heartfelt purpose, a sense of hope and well-being.

LEE	How can you write a journal this long. And not tell us what you found.  Wh- what did you die before you had a chance to finish the journal?  I mean all you had to do was look over the ridge, and write down what you found. just write what you found.

LEE	We don’t want to leave. if you leave, we’re not going to be here when they come. Well they’re not going to leave us here forever because what would we do with all this time.I know.  I know.  Hey is your mouth dry?  Yeah mine too, mine too.Am I scared? You gotta be livin’ to be scared.

LEE	My name is Lee James Miller. son of Courtney and Michael Miller.  I lost contact with mission control on July seventh, two thousand thirty nine.  I have remained in a perennial orbit for six years.  My mission has long since been terminated and my daily routine has been based on stretching my life support systems.  I’ve observed neither contact nor indication of any awareness of my current condition.  It is with great sadness but determined resolution that I must finally abandon this post. Systems here can no longer be depended on. And I would rather face the journey home than the slow breathless environment of failing O2.  While I have no idea what the circumstances are surrounding my abandonment.  I would rather rest on Earth than up here alone.  I have come to terms with the fact that some things will forever remain a mystery.  To whomever this message reaches I leave in good will towards all.  Respectfully Captain Lee James Miller.  July seventh, two thousand forty five.

BRID	When you get into a situation where absolutely nothing’s in your control it makes you wonder sometimes. and very often I’ve been in those, uh, these circumstances where all of a sudden, uh, you’re not calling the shots.  You’re basically along for the ride. I mean even on a simplistic note I lost a wheel off a vehicle, off the van. a couple of years ago taking my son to school in really pretty heavy traffic. and it could have been an absolute disaster, but all of a sudden I’m driving down the road and the passenger wheel overtakes us, and I was along for the ride there was nothing I could do cause I had no brakes, I had no steering, and it was just really fortunate the van veered off to the shoulder, it could have gone into oncoming traffic, and it could have been a whole disaster. it’s really rather surprising what flashes through your mind, in those, few split seconds while this stuff’s gong on. I mean you think about all sorts of strange things. but for people to remember me  for any one particular thing I think it would be for the fact that: never give up.  Just keep trying.  Don’t just accept it and say well yes this is what it is. strive for something better.

COMPUTER SCREEN TEXT	Incoming data packet.

LEE	And yeah I feel so honored…I gotta tell ya, I feel so honored and thankful,  to be one of the first going back after so long.  A little nervous, but excited. 

TV HOST	What they say about my show. So I assume the testing and the Preparation has been quite extensive.

LEE	Oh yeah.  A lot of testing a lotof personal training. 

LEE	It’s that easy.

LEE	It’s time to go.

 LEE	I gotta tell ya, I feel, uh, so honored and  thankful,  to be one of the first to be going back.

TEXT ON COMPUTER SCREEN	B14 hasvla assigned... correct all normal Values. docking sequence received... 
TALK SHOW HOST 	Six months supply of magazines alone on the space station. the space station itself has been empty for a long time right?  I mean, so when you get there, I mean, is there going to be a lot of housework to do?  I mean, is there going to be like dishes in the sink you gotta clean up after?

LEE	No, there’s no house chores, or dishes in space. Thank God.

TALK SHOW HOST 	We haven’t been to space for almost twenty years now, right?  How do you feel about that?

LEE	Hey, I feel uh, so honored, to be one of the first to be going back out after so long.  Um, a little nervous, but uh, but excited.

TALK SHOW HOST 	Now I assume that the, the testing and the preparation has been quite extensive.

TEXT IN THE BOOK	A Love Story A Collection of Musings, Stories, and Memories of the Human Condition Compiled by N.O.A.H. National Organization of Archival History As told by YOU

TEXT IN THE BOOK	Discovery of the ship in 1864.

TEXT IN THE BOOK	Meteor crater as most people know it today…

COMPUTER SCREEN TEXT	Initiating sequence order

VOICE	How are you doing Lee?  Sorry about this projection but it’s the only way we could reach you.  

VOICE	I can’t tell you how relieved we are to have you here.  Now, before we get ahead of ourselves we have to tell you something.  You’re the last one.  It’s all gone.  We understand how you might feel.  Connection is perhaps the most cherished thing any being can have.  That’s the thing. that’s why we’ve been listening.  The place you see here is a scrapbook of sorts. a collection of memories and mementos of mankind’s brief existence. 

RODGERS	You gotta remember the good things and cherish the memories and go on with life cause it don’t stop.

BRID	You only have to remember that what you’ve done in your life may change what someone else is doing in their life.  And so therefore life continues in their eyes.

VOICE	It’s a good thing we found you.We look forward to meeting you, Lee.

COMPUTER VOICE	Detecting life. verifying location. Good evening. tonight has been a wonderful experiment of human contact.  A symbiotic relationship between man and machine and you.  

COMPUTER VOICE	The human brain is capable of many lines of connection.  Each one is a memory, an event, tonight shall be remembered not by one, but by thousands of these relationships, as you leave here tonight, close your eyes and travel back, to here, to now and always remember that this was one moment you were not alone and you felt something, that thousands of others have felt, and it was…LOVE.
