(MaseratiOne Hundred Years Against All Odds CCSL)

V.O Winston Churchill	Never give in. Never give in. Never, never, never. In nothing, great or small, large or petty, never give in, except to convictions of honor and good sense.  Never yield to force. Never yield to the apparently overwhelming might of the enemy.

 Harald J Wester	It's really funny how many|obstacles that there's been. The company has been|three, four, five times,close to bankruptcy.

Alexander Fysh	Maserati they just were on their knees to God every night. 

Alfieri Maserati	I think that few people in life worried so hard.

Nick Mason	They survived by building exquisite cars.

Bruce Male	They are extremely strong cars. Extremely beautiful cars, and very fast.

Narrator	Maserati, or more than 100 years this family name has been synonymous with excellence, innovation,and determination. The iconic story of Maserati begins at the end of the 19th Century in Voghera in the Italian region of Lombardy. There, between 1881 and 1898, Rodolfo Maserati and his wife Carolina give birth to seven sons. Five of the surviving boys inherit the father's love of machines and engines, hence they want to become auto engineers, builders, and designers. It is Carlo who at an early stage inspires and paves the way for the actual four Maserati brothers. Alfieri, Bindo, Ettore, and Ernesto.

Alfieri Maserati	Carlo Maserati, he was a genius, no doubt and he started to show this ingenuity when he was still a kid. At  10 years old, he was already able to build with his hands a small locomotive, a steam engine that was working and whistling.

Narrator	He works with Isotta Fraschini, known for the production of cars which are among the most luxurious and prestigious ever built. Soon, Carlo is able to give Alfieri a job there too. Bindo and Ettore are soon to join him. It is immediately clear that the DNA of the Maserati brothers is dominated by their passion for engines.

Carlo Maserati	I remember my grandmother often remarking when the cars came out of the workshop, "I do not understand why these guys "always have to go so fast." There was certainly no family influence into this world of racing.

Narrator	Young Alfieri is only 16 at the time, but it does not take long for him to impress the company's owners, who employ him as a racing driver. In 1911, Carlo passes away far too early. He is only 30 years old. Thus, he never sees the success of the company he helped inspire. Four years later, Alfieri Maserati leaves Isotta Fraschini to rent a garage in Bologna's via de' Pepoli. On December first, 1914, the doors open at the  Associate Anonimo Officini Alfieri Maserati. The nucleus of the company is formed by Alfieri,Ettore, and Ernesto.

Harald J Wester	Their only scope was racing. They started transforming|cars from other producers, but the real vision was and the real passion was we want to build our own race car, a Maserati race car, and we want to win races.

Narrator	Alfieri pushes the expansionof the production of spark plugs, brakes, and cylinder blocks. It becomes a highly important source of the company's income. Unfortunately, the first World War causes a halt in the evolutionary process of the company. It is only in the early 1920s that the engines begin revving again on the test benches. The ambitious men contribute to everything mechanical, in every possible innovative way. Even their artist brother Mario makes a lasting mark in the car world, for his design, a three-pointed spear called a trident, he draws inspiration from the Fountain of Neptune, the Roman god of the sea that stands in Bologna. Mario considers this particularly appropriate for his brother's car company. Neptune represents strength and vigor. Today, 100 years later, this logo is a symbol of its racing heritage. It serves as a constant reminder of the company's core belief, that everything it will build in the next 100 years will be the absolute opposite of ordinary. The expressive logo has since graced all Maseratis around the world, starting with the very first all Maserati racer produced by the company.

Carlo Maserati	Finally, Uncle Alfieri was considered the head of the force, introduced the Primavera Maserati. The 26, because it was built in 1926.

Narrator	As good behind the wheel as he is under the hood, Alfieri, assisted by mechanic Guerino Bertocchi, attends the 1926 Targa Florio, one of the toughest|endurance races of the time with a 67 mile route that weaves along the narrow mountain roads|of the island of Sicily in the south of Italy.

Nino Vaccarella	That was a very special race. The race went up and down heady roads. You drove through villages, the beautiful country, mountains. So it was quite difficult to know the track well. We're talking about the longest circuit in the world. And that was the only race where you drove past crowds of spectators on both sides. That was dangerous, and we were lucky. Only a very small error would have been enough to kill 50 or 60 people.

Narrator	The two-seater race car, a 1.5 liter straight eight|is relatively primitive with leaf springs and cable operated drum brakes, but it has plenty of power. The 120 horsepower it produces are enough to get Alfieri's flyweight car to a top speed of 118  miles per hour.

Alfieri Maserati	He went there, and he won his class in spite of the fact that he|has to stop for a long time. And that was the beginning of the Maserati car.

Narrator	The original eight cylinder Tipo 26 then evolves into a number of different versions. Based on these, the 26M is designed in 1930.

Alfieri Maserati	1930 has been a fantastic|year for Maserati. All started in the Royal Grand Prix of Rome, and from that race on we won practically all the Grand Prix. 

Narrator	The 26M dominates the 1930 Grand Prix season. Stroke upon stroke, the car collects laurels and trophies. In the first half of the 1931 Grand Prix season, the 26M loses to the Alfa Romeos and Bugattis. However, with a higher bore and improved carburetors, the new 26M and Luigi Fagioli win at the IV Gran Premio di Monza. Under Alfieri's supervision, the Maseratis produce a number of impressive|record setting racers, including the Tipo V4. The giant  cylinder engine is a combination of two Tipo 26B inline-8 engines. The car is a whale of a racer, with a weight of almost a ton. Despite that, in1929, a V4 with Baconin Borzacchini behind the wheel sets the first world record in Maserati's history during the Cremona flying 10 kilometers. The Italian achieves the almost incredible average speed of 153  miles per hour. The following year, in 1930 , the same man takes the V4 to its first Grand Prix win in Tripoli. These successes are a huge windfall for Maserati. Helping to raise the funds and acclaim that allow it to boost its operations. All seems to go well. However, in contrast to the machines he produces, Alfieri Maserati is not in robust health. In March 1932 , he is only 44 and suffering from a severe kidney problem.

Alfieri Maserati	So he decided to go and solve this problem, and that was a big mistake of the number one surgeon in Bologna at that time. This professor made a mistake, and he died.

Narrator	His death not only affects the Maserati family, but the racing world as well. Ernesto, Bindo, and Ettore now have to face the challenges and whims of change without their charismatic and entrepreneurial brother and leader. Alfieri's brother Ernesto takes over as the head of development. He and his brothers stand out in many ways. For instance, they adopt hydraulic brakes before any other auto manufacturers. The system is introduced into the 8CM in 1933. The single-seater manages a top speed of almost 155 miles per hour. The company soon realizes the frame is not sturdy enough. While the car's light weight helps it achieve speed, the relatively flimsy frame makes controlling the 8CM difficult. The situation improves when the Flying Mantuan, Tazio Nuvolari, suggests that the front section of the car be strengthened, and it |overall weight reduced.

Alfieri Maserati	He wrote the check to buy a car. Nuvolari wanted so badly|that car that okay, paid for that car and bought, and from that year he started to race for us.

Narrator	In that year, 1933, Nuvolari and the 8CM win the Belgian Grand Prix and several others. In the years to come, however, the trident struggles to keep up with the pace of the Alfa Romeo, and especially Mercedes and Auto Union. With the political changes in Germany, the racing world become even more competitive. The fuhrer wants to prove that his countrymen are the best in everything,|including auto racing. With their 6CM and 8CTF, Maserati challenges the all conquering dominance of Germany on the Grand Prix scene of the 30's. With a three liter supercharged engine, the 8CTF has a top speed of almost 180 miles per hour. Two factors make its development possible. A new and complicated international formula crafted with the single purpose of curtailing the German juggernaut, and the acquisition of Maserati in 1937 by wealthy Modenesi industrialist, Adolfo Orsi. The businessman started out with nothing to establish himself as a leading figure in the Italian steel industry. The Maserati brothers|are excellent mechanics, but they are not talented businessmen. The company was burdened with debts, and it was very hard. The three brothers had to work like hell, day and night for years.

Alexander Fyshe	I didn't think they really had too much idea on the cost of these sort of things, and when they got paid for 'em you know, it just disappeared, the money into the development of something else, and that's why it needed somebody bigger in there.

Adolfo Orsi Jr.	My grandfather was not a car guy. He was an entrepreneur. He understood that the car was very important for the time, and would be also more important for the future.

Narrator	The friendly takeover puts the Maserati brothers in charge of the cars, and Orsi takes control of management, moving the Maserati enterprises from Bologna to its new and present home in Modena. Orsi has business operations there, and wants to focus his work at one location. As stipulated by the sales contract, the Maserati brothers stay with Adolfo Orsi's new Maserati for 10 years. The first result of the new collaboration is the further development of the 8CTF.
 
Alfieri Maserati 	The Maserati company has the tradition in breaking records. In the 30's, in 1936, '37, we were retaining up to   13 international records, 13 at the same time.

Nick Mason 	I think in terms of racing cars, Maserati have punched so much above their weight and for so many years. It's extraordinary.

Narrator	Even in the United States, the 8CTF enjoys a highly rewarding career. A powerful engine with some 365 brake horsepower combined with formidable reliability. These are the factors that allow Wilbur Shaw to collect these two famous wins. It is the first time an Italian car wins the legendary race Indy 500.

Paolo Pininfarina	Ir-repeatable for an Italian manufacturer.

Narrator	In Sicily, Maserati continues to be the leading force. A decade after the great success|of the 1926 Targa Florio, Maserati succeeds in w inning|this race four years in a row from 1937 'til 1940. But as the clouds of the second World War gather, the number of races being held decreases drastically. Italy joins the fighting in 1940. Soon, car makers like Maserati turn their focus towards making vehicles, tools, and machinery to aid the war effort. The war brings motor racing to a virtual halt. Still, the Maserati brothers|make use of the dark years. They continue to work on designs for future cars. Adolfo Orsi is a savvy businessman. He wants to build vehicles other than racing cars to satisfy its high end clientele. He intends to expand the Maserati name beyond the racetrack. In1947 , the A6 1500  is unveiled.

Paolo Pininfarina	The first kind of Gran Turismo, A6, Pininfarina designed shortly after the Second World war. It created an entire segment which was not covered by other car companies for many, many years.

Narrator	The first test model by Carrozzeria Pininfarina is a two-seater coupe. Small changes include the addition of two smaller back seats|to accommodate passengers.

Paolo Pininfarina	My grandfather understood there was a niche called Carrozzeria, where was the possibility to express his creativity and do something that was not only luxury, but possibly grand luxury. So this was the inspiration.

Narrator	Battista Pirinfarina creates almost all the coupe bodies of the A6 1500 with only a few deviations. With the car, he hits the public's nerve.

Paolo Pininfarina	The things that he did were very much projected in the future, so absolutely visionary. He was an inventor.

Narrator	However, |the order of the boss, Adolfo Orsi, to focus more on road cars does not mean the end|of the Maserati racers.

Adolfo Orsi Jr.	There is a strategy was|to win a race on Sunday, and to sell industrial|products during the week.

Narrator	On the resumption| of competition in1946 , the Maserati 4CL proves| the class of the field. Luigi Villoresi immediately returns to winning ways, taking victory in the first race following the cessation of hostilities, the  1946 Nice Grand Prix. We started after the war to win again. Then my father and uncles left.

Narrator	The mid 1940s signal the impending end of the Maserati family's involvement with the company that bears its name.

Adolfo Orsi Jr.	They remain the technical director for 10 years until 1947.

Narrator	The 10 year contract between the Maserati brothers and Adolfo Orsi signed 10 years earlier, is coming to an end.

Adolfo Orsi Jr.	I think that was a very difficult decision to take for them, but at the end it prevailed the idea that they were returning to a kind of small shop where they could produce only racing cars with no problems with trade unions.

Narrator	The three brothers open a new factory called Officina Specializzate Costruzioni Automobili, better known as OSCA. They continue to make cars until 1963,

John Surtees	It's unfortunate that|the family connection did not continue all the way through, but of course they went up the road a little and there was OSCA, and OSCA was in a way a little bit of a continuation of some of the racing heritage of Maserati.

Narrator	The Maseratis have left, but Maserati is enjoying a post-war boom. The 4CLT, a single-seat racing car still designed by Ernesto Maserati becomes the car of choice for many privateer entrants like Prince Bira, a member|of Siam's royal family.

Sir Stirling Moss	I remember saying to Bira, where we were gonna go somewhere, and he had a couple of girls with him and I say to him what|gives with the girls? He said in cars, we have a spare car so I brought a spare girl. A fair bit of crumpet. He filled the bill pretty well.

Narrator	The T in the 4CLT's name derives from the tubular frame that takes some of the merit for its success. It increases the single-seat car's power to 260 horsepower, generating a top speed of. about 170 miles per hour. The late 1940s proved to be the car's most successful era. It wins no less than 18 post-war Grand Prix, and five other races. The 1949 San Remo Grand Prix, held over two heats, is won by Juan Manuel Fangio from Argentina. The 1950 Monaco Grand Prix is marred by a large pileup during the first lap when a wave from the harbor floods the track at Tabac corner. Emilio Farina spins and crashes. Those who are behind him, including Fangio on Alfa Romeo tried to stop or avoid the carnage. Eight more drivers crash and retire. Fangio wins. Louis Chiron takes third place with a Maserati 4CLT. Before the World War,|Maserati was challenged by the Germans in particular. In the post-war racing scene, Maserati has to battle with a new competitor, Ferrari. The prancing horse comes out with faster, more powerful cars. At the start of the 1950s, Maserati finds itself looking to reclaim its former place as a front runner in automotive racing. Gioacchino Colombo takes control of design at Maserati in 1952, working to improve the A6GCM racer. In the 1953 Formula 1 season, all races counting towards the driver's world championship are run under Formula 2 regulations. Although it features good, basic design, Maserati only wins one of the year's world championship events. The Gran Premio D'italia at Monza with Juan Manuel Fangio at the wheel. He and the Tridente come in second in the world championship behind Ferrari. It is an all Italian battle. The design department is faced with never-ending big tasks and challenges. Orsi wants Maserati to compete in the world sports car championship, and stand a fair chance. To this end, the A6GCS|is further developed. The very first of its kind was the final race car designed by the Maserati brothers in 1947.That year, and in 1948, this A6GCS won the Italian championship. Five years later, the A6GCS/53 with 170 brake horsepower is developed. These racers win at the Italian championships in 1953 and 1954. They also take first places|at the 1954 Giro di Sicilia, the Irish Tourist Trophy, and at the Targa Florio in Sicily. Maserati's best overall result at Mille Miglia is the third place achieved in the 1954 race in an A6GCS. Some 60 years later still, some of these racers with a top speed of 150 miles per hour participate in the new edition of the Mille Miglia, such as a splendid A6GCS/53 from 1954 designed by Medar do Fantuzzi.

Bruce Male	They're all made from different Carrozzeria, but it's the chassis and it's the engine, and it's the running gear that's Maserati. I have to be honest and tell you, I love this car. Its driving performance is very easy, and yet the car is also forgiving. If you understand what I mean by forgiving is that if the driver you know, makes a slight mistake, it's not fatal because the car somehow is able to recover. My A6GCS is very loud, and I love it. The sound of the engine to me is like music. I mean we get in the car, we drive it not down the street, but on the highway or someplace where you can exercise it and the sound is just fantastic. It's guttural, it's melodious, it's strong, and it's something that makes the Maserati very distinctive.

Narrator	The sound of music reinterpreted many times by its master, also in four Berlinettas and one Spyder created by Pininfarina.

Paolo Pininfarina	Maserati has a very strong, sporty heritage and image, so it was a very attractive|brand to work with.

Narrator	In 1953, Ferrari intends to sign Battista Pinin Farina to make him the company's main coach work builder. However, Maserati suggests that he should create a new road sports car by building bodies for a few of its A6GCS/53 racing chassis. As no one wants to offend Enzo Ferrari, a clever scheme is found to prevent Pininfarina from having any official contacts with Maserati. The A6GCS/53 chassis are sold to a renowned concessionaire of Maserati, who then commissions Pininfarina to create the coachwork. The model wins the undisputed status of one of the most beautiful cars of all time.

Paolo Pininfarina	The 53 is a masterpiece. It's an absolute masterpiece of the '50s or my grandfather. The muscular body of this sports car, and the harmony, the personality, outstanding, fantastic. Fantastic Pininfarina design.

Nick Mason	 It is generally accepted that perhaps the greatest racing car of all time is the Maserati 250F.

Narrator	The Dociento Cinquenta F  is one of the most important Maserati cars of this era produced between 1954 and 1958. It first races in the 1954 Argentine Grand Prix. The Formula 1 race is won by Juan Manuel Fangio. It is his first victory in his native Argentina. With points gained with both the 250F, and later in that year,with Mercedes-Benz, Fangio wins the 1954 driver's world championship. In total, he will win five such titles. The high perform ance single-seater sees continual developments over its production run between early 1954 and late 1960. In its era, it racks up 55 wins, eight of which are Grand Prix victories. This in the hands of both Fangio and another legendary driver, Stirling Moss. The Englishman races his privately owned 250F for the full 1954 season.

Sir Stirling Moss	It was the nicest balance of any Formula  car that I ever drove. It was a car that you'd win Monaco. Monaco's a very, very difficult circuit because it's very restricted and so, and the Mase was terrific there.

Alexander Fyshe	The feelings that I know Stirling has about 250Fs are something which I can well imagine, because of the short connection I had. It becomes a love affair.

Narrator	In 1957, various and assorted financial ills of both the factory, and on a national scale force Maserati to the brink of bankruptcy. Drastic measures are implemented, and funding slashed for the racing team. Some creditors are willing to either forgive or reduce debts if Maserati captures both the driver's championship, and the world's sports car championship of that year. Fangio experiences what is probably the most memorable victory of his career behind the wheel of a 250F in Monaco in 1957. Despite a hesitant start, Moss leads away in the first lap in front of Collins, Fangio, and Hawthorn. On lap four, coming out of the tunnel, there is mayhem. Moss goes straight through the chicane, sending debris from the wrecked barrier crashing onto the circuit. Collins crashes through the cay side barriers trying to avoid it. Fangio and Brooks slow to make their way through the carnage. Brooks' effort is for naught, being hit by Mike Hawthorn's Ferrari. Fangio on Maserati takes the lead from Brooks' damaged car, and holds it to the checkered flag. The driver Fangio replaced at Maserati, Stirling Moss, is now with the Vanwall team. Between them, Fangio and Moss win every Grand Prix of the 1957 season. Fangio taking four victories to Moss's three. Fangio's drive at the Nurburgring is often cited as one of the greatest victories in racing histories.

Doug Magnon	The ride of the gods, the lap of the gods, the race of the gods occurred when after a mangled pit stop where a wheel knock off had fallen underneath the car. They couldn't find it for minutes. It put Fangio behind the two factory Ferraris, and Fangio goes out and sets a lap record. The next lap, he beats that lap record and he continues to do this until he eventually catches the two Ferraris, and wins the German Grand Prix clinching the championship in 1957 for himself and for Maserati.

Narrator	El Maestro himself comments, "I have never driven that fast before in my life, "and I don't think I will ever be able to do it again."For virtuosos such as Fangio and Stirling Moss, the Maserati race cars are the equivalent of a Stradivarius, an instrument on which they can display their virtuosity.

Sir Stirling Moss	I could beat him in sports cars, but in Formula 1 which is the pinnacle of driving, he had just the edge and that's the way it went. Fangio just did have|some extra little flair.

Narrator	Fangio is the embodiment of strategist and tactician, but nothing would work out that way without the legendary mechanics, like Guerino Bertocchi who is also the test driver for Fangio and other Maserati racers. Not one of the brand’s cars leaves the factory without his approval.

Joaquin Jo. Ramirez	I heard that they got testing, and he puts a duff plug in one of the cylinders, so Fangio says no, it's no good. It's drowning bad, and it’s not firing on all cylinders. Oh let me see, and he checks out and he says, "Oh yes, it's a plug," you know, so he changed the plug and then the car goes perfect. So he looks very good. He always used to do that trick.

Narrator	Giulio Alfieri|is Maserati's chief engineer in the 1950s and 1960s, and responsible for one of the most powerful cars of its generation, the 450S. It is a favorite to win the coveted world sports car championship in 1957. But car troubles and other|problems get in the way. Also with the 1957 edition|of the Mille Miglia.

Announcer	And Stirling Moss is out of the race with a broken brake pedal.

Sir Stirling Moss	I must have been jinxed. We had only just started the Mille Miglia, and I put my foot and my foot shot to the floor. And so I nudged Jake, and said|there are only two pedals. And he sort of tugged on his beard like this. I mean it was, thank God it was no drama.

Narrator	The Spanish marquess Alfonso de Portago once commented, "I won't die in an accident, but of old age, "or I'll be executed in some gross miscarriage of justice." On May 12, 1957  during the Mille Miglia, Portago drives a Ferrari 335S. He stops alongside the course, kisses his girlfriend, and drives on to his destiny. In a straight road section, only 45 miles from Brescia, the start and finish point of the event race, Portago, who was third, suffers a tire defect at 150 miles per hour. The 335 hurtles over a canal, and spins into the crowd lining the highway, killing Portago, his co-driver, and 10 spectators, among them, five children. And with them, the Mille Miglia. After this tragedy, Maserati decides to retire from factory racing participation. Though they continue to build cars for privateers.

Nino Vaccarella	I am lucky|that I'm still alive.Fortunately, I have not managed to die. I've tried two or three times, but luckily it didn't work. 

Sir Stirling Moss	I'm sorry, but I feel motor racing should be unsafe. If you don't like that, then you go and play tennis.

Narrator	Moss therefore continues to race. Now on Ferrari, he's out there again to challenge the Tridente, in particular the Maserati 450S that Fangio is due to compete with at the Cuban Grand Prix of 1958. 

Sir Stirling Moss	I was there when Fangio was kidnapped.

Narrator	On the eve of the race, the Argentinian is abducted from his hotel by Fidel Castro's rebel comrades.

Sir Stirling Moss	Fangio very kindly said look, "Don't grab for Stirling, "'cause he's just gonna get married." This was my first wife. So don't capture him, and so they took him and got all the publicity anyway.

Narrator	The Cuban|government orders the race to continue, while Fangio is kept from competing in his Maserati.

Sir Stirling Moss	He is allowed to watch that race, that was it. Quite extraordinary.

Narrator	Just as well for Fangio. Armando Garcia Cifuentes crashes his Ferrari into the crowd, killing seven spectators. This tragedy bolsters Maserati's decision to withdraw from official team racing. Despite this step, race cars are still being developed and built, such as the Eldorado Special, constructed in 1958  for the 500 Miglia di Monza. But the production of this 420M5 8isn't financedby the Maserati factory. It is made possible solely due to the sponsorship of the Eldorado ice cream company. Even dare devil Stirling Moss really does feel fear when he is doing 170 miles per hour in such an Eldorado. At Monza, the fastest motor racing track in the world.

Sir Stirling Moss	From my point of view, the only thing I didn't like I was on the top of the banking, and I'm going round about this much down from the armco, and suddenly my arms crossed. Well I'm not stupid, I knew something was wrong, and so I just closed my eyes, put my foot on the brakes, which were very, very small, and luckily just spun down to the infield and that was it.

Narrator	Stirling Moss remembers opening his eyes and thinking if this is hell.

Sir Stirling Moss	It must be hot and dusty as well, yes. Absolutely. 

Narrator	Is it a|race car or a sculpture? Maserati aren't running a factory team any longer, but the company does develop cars that private individuals can use to compete. The most famous, the Types 60 and 61, the Birdcage Maseratis.

Harald J Wester	If you look at the structure, and how this was created, incredible. They are so, so tiny. So little, so it doesn’t look strong enoughto have a race.

Narrator	The car gets its name from its cage-like chassis containing about 200 chromoly steel tubes welded together.

Harald J Wester	I saw a Birdcage, which had it's pretty much open and there was an additional aluminum fuel tank which was positioned like a dashboard, no? Covering from over the legs of the driver until the windshield just to get this done. I mean, they were sitting among all this fuel. From my point of view, these have been the real heroes.

Narrator	The engine, with its flowing, dynamic curves is also as light as it is powerful, with a top speed of almost 170  miles per hour.

Nick Mason 	I love the fact that every Birdcage is fractionally different. No two are identical, the way the body is treated is unique. You always know not only is it Maserati, it's also a Birdcage.

Narrator	In the early '60s, the Birdcage wins the Nurburgring 1.000, kilometer race twice. It also celebrates victories at the Cuban Grand Prix and at the Four Hours of Le Mans in France. In 1960, the Sicilian Nino Vaccarella from Palermo contests the Targo Florio in a Maserati Birdcage.

Jochen Mass	I'm sure he learned it inside out, the track. He knew every pothole, every tricky corner, everything. Exactly what to do there and there, so Nino is a unique species of a race driver for the Targo Florio.

Nino Vaccarella	My beginnings were indeed very turbulent. First I smashed my father’s car, then my brother-in-law's, at a time when a car was something really valuable, especially as we had just come out of the war. It was a difficult period.

Narrator	In a long race like that, the most important thing is to be consistent rather than running at the limit. Going off a racetrack like the Targa, that would mean the end. Yes, Vaccarella knows the roads on his island like the back of his hand. With Umberto Maglioli, he takes the lead in the early afternoon of May8, 1960. 

Nino Vaccarella	I drove the Birdcage at the 1960  Targa Florio. Maglioli passed on the car to me when he was in second place,being two minutes late. Bonnier was first, and then I took over the lead. And then the Sicilians began to dream. They were very proud. They themselves felt like the winner when a Sicilian was about to win. This great joy was unfortunately brought to an abrupt end, when in the final round my gas tank broke and I had to stop. The dream suddenly had an end.

Narrator	This event is won by Bonnier on Porsche. Vaccarella wins the Targa Florio several times in later years on Ferrari.

Nino Vaccarella	Maserati was a kind of home, and Ferrari was a bit strict. It was a stern discipline. At Maserati, one was in one's element. Everything was easier. One felt more human contact. You felt a kind of friendship, although it was a big factory.

Narrator	Between 1950 and 1957, Maserati takes part in a total of 69 Formula 1 world championship Grand Prix races. It records nine victories, 10 pole positions, and 15 fastest laps. However

Jochen Mass	They spent too much money on racing, so then they couldn't afford anymore and then of course a lot of things happened, in a negative way.

John Surtees	I think Maserati were going through further changes, and there was some indecision as to whether they could allocate the time left to prepare these engines.

Narrator	So Adolfo Orsi decides to focus heavily on road cars to attract more buyers to Maserati showrooms. The company's first attempt at the Gran Turismo market and large volume production is the 3500GT. Maserati's chief engineer, Giulio Alfieri, develops two two plus two prototypes. One a superleggera body by Carrozzeria Touring of Milan. The other by Carrozzeria Allemano. Over seven years, Maserati builds more than 2,200 units of this car. As the company faces economic troubles, relatively strong sales for the 3500GT help keep Maserati afloat with a new clientele.

Matteo Panini	As for the GTs, I'd say that from 1957 onwards, when the 3500 was developed, the driver was taken more and more into account, and his identification with the car. Maserati focused more on a driver interested in a comfortable, beautiful car, but that still reminds one of a racing car. One had a kind of aristocratic driver in mind.

Adolfo Orsi Jr.	It was a very clear development trying to move Maserati in the Olympics of the GT car production.

Narrator	The 3500 is a significant step for Maserati. It is one of the most exquisite classic grand touring cars of the period.

Ermanno Cozza	The clients at Maserati were real gentlemen. They would give us their concrete ideas for the design, and normally ask for a particular coloring of the car. We had a very wide range of colors.

Matteo Panini	In 1958, Maserati came out with the fastest car in the world. It was the Maserati 5000GT with 280 kilometers per hour. The first car the Shah of Persia bought.

Doug Magnon	The Shah of Persia was definitely a Maserati personage, and loved Maseratis. On the factory visit, through one of the buildings, the Shah noticed a pile of engines, a stack of 450S racing motors, and he looked at those and said, "Well what are these?" And they explained what it was, and it was a racing motor. He said, "Well, I want that model car, but with this motor," and so a new Maserati model was born called the 5000GT.

Narrator	After the car's first body by Touring, the main partner beginning in 1960 becomes Carrozzeria Allemano. Other builders are Pietro Frua, Monterosa, Pininfarina, Ghia, Giovanni Michelotti, and Bertone.

Doug Magnon	This is a record to my understanding of the most different coach shops building a single model car.

Giorgetto Giugiaro	All the VIP had their cars designed by us, the way they wanted it.

Narrator	It is Prince Kareem Aga Khan IV who in 1963 commissions Frua with a vehicle.

Doug Magnon	The Aga Khan was quite interested in the car, but felt that having a prototype was a car that wasn't a serious car. Frua never build rollers, or tacked together cars. His prototypes were always fully 100% functioning cars, so they convinced the Aga Khan that the second one would be built for him. It would be the only additional car built, and so the second car was put into production and sold to the Aga Khan.

Giorgetto Giugiaro	 The first Maserati that I designed was a Maserati by Bertone. It was the Maserati 5000. 

Narrator	All eight 5000GT models are based on an identical running gear. So is the Bertone. Every designer has a specific approach.

Giorgetto Giugiaro	There are no rules, not like in aerodynamics where you have to keep absolutely certain rules in order to get a certain result. The aesthetics however are completely intuitive. Harmony has always something magical. You feel it. Is it too high, too low, too curvy, too wide? You must observe, and then make a decision.

Narrator	In 1965, the Mexico was added to Maserati's range of elegant and prestigious creations. The Vignale body was first used on a 5000GT chassis, which an important Mexican customer has shipped to Italy for repair after crashing it.Hence the model's name, Mexico.

Doug Magnon	Maserati would not fully stop production on cars that were eventually going to be stopped, and would introduce new models so there was an overlap, and that overlap allowed Maserati in the middle '60s to produce and have in a showroom up to five or six models of cars that were newly available, and just the diversity and variety was just staggering.

Narrator	In honor of Maserati's 1957 victory at the Sebring 12 Hour Race, Maserati nicknames a two door two plus two coupe Sebring, launched in 1963. Employing all but the Maserati 3500's coachwork, it reaches 137 miles per hour. It is aimed at both the American and European Gran Turismo markets with the intention of spreading the Maserati name even further. Winds are fast. They bring change, and carry people to new and exciting places. Those who can harness the wind have been revered through history. Wind has long been a metaphor for power and speed. When Mario Maserati chose the trident held by Neptune, the Roman god of the sea, he proved to be a visionary. Maserati also has historical links with marine transportation. Its engines have so far successfully propelled racing boats to various power boat championships in Italy and around the world. Today, Maserati is also setting sailing records. The company lends its name to a boat that represents a unique synthesis of nautical technology. Maserati assists Giovanni Soldini, one of the world's most renowned yachtsman with many years of experience in oceanic races to break three historic North Atlantic sailing records. Wind. Manufacturers go to great lengths naming cars and seeking titles that convey their brand image accurately. After many years of alpha numeric names, Maserati becomes known for the very innovative naming of its models after different winds.


Matteo Panini	It all began with normal names, like for the 5000GT. Later, they chose the names of winds. This was unique, was also part of the success of Maserati. Choosing the name of wind is a good way to indicate movement.

Narrator	The first in a|series of classic Maseratis to be given the name of|a wind is the Mistral. The name refers to a violent and cold north wind in France. The car is anything but cold. It has a sleek body, a top speed of 155 miles per hour, and it comes in coupe and Spyder versions. Built between 1963 and 1970, the Mistral will be the last model from the house of the Trident to have the famous straight six cylinder twin spot double overhead cam engine, as fitted to the Maserati 250F Grand Prix cars. By the time production ends in 1970, over  828 coupe and 100 Spyder versions of the Mistral are sold. This comes as no surprise, as the Mistral is generally considered as one of the most beautiful Maseratis of all time. From now on, for a number of years, all of the sports car models are named after winds, and all of the four seaters after racing circuits. But, there is an exception to every rule. In 1963, the Quattroporte is launched, a move from a sports coupe to a luxury saloon, and a sporty one. The instinct of Adolfo Orsi is as strong as the attraction of the world's fastest saloon with a top speed of 150 miles per hour. The body design is entrusted to Frua, which harkens back to the Aga Khan's 5000GT.

Harald J Wester	They needed money. They decided to take a Formula  engine, as is, and implement it in a sports luxury sedan. They were the birth of the first Quattroporte.

Narrator	The Italian name literally means four doors. While the design is by Frua, the construction is carried out by Vignale. It is equipped with a 4.1 liter V8 engine producing 256 horsepower. Between 1963 and 1966, 230 units are made. In the late 1960s, a truly unexpected collaboration between the Italian and the English emerges. Originally developed in 1957, the Maserati 250FT2 engine, capable of 300 horsepower, is well ahead of its time. In 1966, with a change in F1 regulations requiring the switch from 1.5 to three liter naturally aspirated engines, several English racing teams find themselves in trouble. British Cooper racing team manager Roy Salvadori, who had himself raced in the 250Fs, contacts Maserati and requests permission to use the Italian's V12 engine.

John Surtees	And Cooper looked around, and looked as far, and saw that it had been a history, obviously Maserati’s history in motor sport, and they thought there might be the opportunity for Maserati to return.

Narrator	The Cooper T81 fitted with this engine, able to deliver 380 horsepower, proves to be competitive, especially in the second half of the 1966 season. Salvadori asks British driver John Surtees to join the team. He works with Maserati engineer Alfieri on getting the engine to go a little better. Surtees turns out to be a heaven sent opportunity for the Cooper team.

John Surtees	I suggested one or two things, like I thought the ignition would help it. It's a little bit like stepping back in time, because the test house was there and it had the engine set up and not standing outside gazing at all the instruments of course. Inside there working the sort of lever and the noise, and it's smoke and steam and oil. But that was you know, great.

Narrator	The Cooper Maserati finishes second in the US Grand Prix with Jochen Rindt at the wheel. Surtees drives the Cooper-Maserati T81 to victory in the 1966 Mexican Grand Prix. 

John Surtees	Alfieri had been working on getting the settings of the engine correct for the high altitude. Although it's subtle, it stuttered a little bit, being a little lean on the first lap. Then it came on song, and ran beautifully and we won the race and brought the CooperMaserati world championship win.

Narrator	The relationship between Cooper and Maserati is only short-lived. Due to budget issues, Surtees moves on to Honda. The Cooper-Maserati team is soon dissolved.

Giorgetto Giugiaro	When I went|to the coach builder Ghia, I was fortunate to meet Alfieri from Maserati, who commissioned me with the Ghibli. And so I wanted to do something different than I had been doing before.

Narrator	The V8 powered car, designed by Giugiaro, is named after a Mediterranean wind famous for reaching hurricane speeds. Quite fitting for a fast super saloon.

Doug Magnon	Giugiaro's elegance, his talent, his ability was such that he could take that car design in his head, put it on paper to the point that it's quite near a finished product.

Narrator	Maserati releases the Ghibli in 1967 as a two-door two plus two grand tourer. It proves to be the most popular Maserati vehicle since the auto maker withdrew from building racing cars in the 1950s. The car accelerates from zero to 60 miles per hour in 6.8 seconds, and reaches a top speed of 154 miles per hour. Even by the standards of its time and class, the car consumes copious volumes of fuel. Maserati fits the car with two 50 liter fuel tanks, which can be filled via flaps on either side of the roof pillars.

Doug Magnon	It soon became the car to have for celebrities, for personalities, for|captains of industry, for royalty, a lot of famous|people flocked to the Ghibli.

Narrator	Like the CEO of the Ford Motor Company, Henry Ford II. He is so impressed by the Ghibli that he approaches Orsi with an offer to buy the company from him. The Italian declines, despite the fact  hat Maserati is short of cash due to the financial problems generated by Argentina's failure to pay for its industrial purchases of machine tools after the overthrow of General Peron. Who knows what would have become of the company had it been sold to H.F. II. The American, Henry Ford II.

Harald J Wester	It went with some ups and downs pretty well until 1967. And then it was, it was gone.

Narrator	In 1968, the Orsi family sells Maserati to the automaker Citroen. The French modernize and reorganize the venerable Modenese firm. The clearest evidence being the replacement of obsolete models using old fashioned technology.

Doug Magnon	You had to be more cutting edge in the early '70s to mid '70s than staying with a more classical Orsi style of design.

Narrator	The Bora is the most advanced and accomplished of all the first generation mid engine cars.

Doug Magnon	Who do you go to to design at that era something out of the box? And something stunning to follow up the success of the Ghibli? Naturally you go back to Giorgetto Giugiaro.

Narrator	Powered by a 330 horsepower 4.7 liter V8, the super car reaches a top speed of around 174 miles per hour. It is considered by some to be the pinnacle of Maserati performanc e. Lamborghini and De Tomaso already have the Miura and the Mangusta. Ferrari is developing the Dino.

Giorgetto Giugiaro	Creativity was at its best during the days of Ghibli, but the market demanded a reduction in costs. And so, the Merak was developed.

Narrator	The Merak is essentially a junior version of the Bora. It uses the same body shell front clip, but in a two plus two configuration, made possible by using a smaller, lighter, and less powerful Maserati V engine, which is also used in the Citroen SM. The Citroen SM, a unique combination of French style and Italian power. This high performance coupe has its first competitive outing, winning the grueling 1971 Rallye du Maroc. The SM is a magnificent car.  One of the highlights of the Citroen era.

Matteo Panini	And then there was this incredible Boomerang. It's my favorite. The car fit the time perfectly. When we think of the '70s, we think of all these crazy shapes|that now almost seem mad. Almost like in a car meant for outer space.

Narrator	The Boomerang. Not only its wild, wedge-like angles and shapes are unique, but also the dashboard layout. The steering wheel and gauge cluster are part of a single console that emerges from the dash, and the steering wheel rotates around the stationary gauges.

Giorgetto Giugiaro	The Maserati Boomeran is a completely different model.  It's not elegant and sporty per se. The car breaks all tradition. With it, we revolutionized everything, including the way of driving.

Narrator	The Boomerang from 1971 is fully registered as a road car, but it is always intended as a one-off show car, something unheard of nowadays.

Harald J Wester	We have nor the time, nor the money, nor anything to waste to do this. Not one of show cars, and then you show them, you meet some boss and then you park them in the museum or the garage.

Narrator	Although the car is destined to remain just a pure design exercise, it clearly influences other models of the era such as the distinctive grand tourer, Maserati Khamsin. Designed by Marcello Gandini from Bertone, it is part of an era of a perfect storm named after an Egyptian desert wind. A series of events makes Maserati face some of the darkest years in its history. The repercussions of the conflict between the Arab nations that attack Israel in October 1973 will soon be felt around the world. Many of the Arab nations involved in the Yom Kippur War are countries that produce the majority of the world's oil. They convince OPEC to put an embargo on the supply of oil to countries that supported Israel. As a result of the oil shortage, the price of gasoline skyrockets.

Richard Nixon 	We are heading toward the most acute shortages of energy since World War II. 

Narrator	The public feels the hit at the pumps. The auto industry feels it at the dealerships. With gas so expensive, people are no longer buying cars in the numbers they had before the crisis.

Man in PSA	Let's drive under 50 miles an hour, and save electricity where possible. If we all help, we’ll really be helping ourselves. Please, don't be fuelish.

Nick Mason 	From my view it's a bigger oil crisis now than it was then. I think the public opinion, and the way people reacted to these things was probably overreaction, which is usually is. But that didn't seem to matter, because motor manufacturers specialize cars were suffering in a huge way. And lost a lot of orders, and some of them went under, and the stronger ones didn't go under.

Narrator	Still, during this difficult phase, Maserati builds several iconic cars. The Medici and the 124, another beautiful coupe designed by Giugiaro. A replacement for the Maserati Indy by Giovanni Michelotti, built around the Indy chassis and engine.

Giorgetto Giugiaro	In a way we are egoists. We do what pleases ourselves, and then hope that the choice we made pleases many others as well. If so, we have produced a successful product.

Narrator	But sales in the mid '70s are definitely declining. The future of Citroen owned Maserati is more than uncertain.

Harald J Wester	It took them six years until they raised the white flag.

Narrator	The French company's financial problems lead to the sale of Maserati to French auto maker Peugeot. Peugeot however considers liquidating the company. Thus, Maserati would be broken up and sold. Hundreds of men and women employed by Maserati would be out of work.

Doug Magnon	The Italian government was very concerned about the loss of jobs. The economy was not that great, but they wanted to keep Maserati alive for those jobs. So, a partnership was Formed with De Tomaso and the Italian government funding De Tomaso to take over Maserati.

Narrator	In the|second half of the 1970s, Alejandro de Tomaso, a former race car driver and entrepreneur from Argentina manages to rescue the company from the brink of disaster. He largely abandons the|mid engine sports car in favor of squarely styled front engined rear drive coupes with aggressive performance. First comes the release of a Maserati Kyalami that takes its name from the Grand Prix circuit in South Africa. The four-seater coupe designed by Pietro Frua has a top speed of 150 miles per hour. It is well known for the fundamental validity of its design with the well balanced stiff chassis offering excellent body control. Between 1976 and 1983, 210 Kyalamis are built. The model is a modest success, and allows the company to release the Quattroporte III in 1977, designed by Giugiaro. It is a rear wheel drive car powered by a large V8 engine.

Giorgetto Giugiaro	The reality is mathematics. The sketches are always full of pleasure and euphoria. Their purpose is to seduce.

Narrator	 The new Quattroporte seduces many. It is important to De Tomaso to compete with the recently launched Mercedes-Benz 450SEL. This limousine marks the lastf the hand built Italian cars. All exterior joints and seams are filled to give a seamless appearance.

Giorgetto Giugiaro	Sometimes,one designs the forms which are not very far from an erotic image. When you design an object, the you don't necessarily get inspired by the female body, but somehow it is still in your head, so there is something unconscious that you have to express. Even in a car, you can detect erotic aspects or things that can convince others, be it women or men, for it is an object that expresses our creativity in this world.But in the end, a car is just mathematics. The size, the length, the curves, the lines.

Narrator	De Tomaso believes that the saloon is the answer to the needs of many customers in the world's GT market. His gut feeling proves to be right, for within two years of production it becomes Maserati's best selling car, accounting for over 60% of total production. The even more luxurious Quattroporte Royale serves as limousine to Italy’s President Sandro Pertini, The Vatican, and for tenor Luciano Pavarotti.

Harald J Wester	Maserati always stood and also stands today, it's part of our DNA, stands for understatement, it stands for luxury. To buy a Maserati, you demonstrate first of all that you want to distinct yourself. You reject the uniformity which is out there today.

Narrator	It is with this new Quattroporte that Maserati begins a fascinating new chapter in its history. Sales slowly begin to climb as Maserati enters the 1980s. De Tomaso's further plan is to combine the prestige of the Maserati brand with new models that would be more affordable than the earlier high priced types that had traditionally made up the Maserati range.

Doug Magnon	For the mass appeal of Maserati, he came up with the Biturbo design. A small unitized chassis, twin turboed. The car offered incredible performance with those twin turbos. It would run circles around the Ferrari 308. Provided it was running, and running properly.

Narrator	Designed by Pierangelo Andreani, an engineer from the De Tomaso team, the Biturbo is somewhat influenced by the design of Giugiaro’s recent Quattroporte III. From 1981 into the 1990s, more than 30 different versions of the Biturbo are produced. Sadly however, Maseratis of the 1980s in general are very temperamental. It is unfortunate for the man who saved Maserati that sales of his cars began to decline. This, combined with the fact that Maserati pulls out of the North American market, leaves De Tomaso looking to sell.

John Surtees	For everything that was said about Alexander, et cetera, the pros and the cons, there is a fact that at least it kept it going. It kept it going, it|kept the site all there, it was all complete. It happened, and it did allow them when Fiat came along, for there to be something, and the name still surviving.

Narrator	When Fiat takes grasp of the trident in 1993, Alejandro de Tomaso retains a collection of Maserati cars that was started by the Maserati brothers and expanded under the ownership of both Orsi and de Tomaso. News breaks that the entire collection is due to be put under the hammer. This sparks an outcry in Italy. Umberto Panini, owner of the|famous publishing company, steps in, buys the collection, and houses them in a purpose built museum near Modena. There is much rejoicing across the land. The collection contains many of the most stunningly beautiful and rare Maseratis ever produced.

Matteo Panini	My father|had seen it all as property. Property and assets of the city that should not be sold. He's done this out of great respect for the cars.

Narrator	The company's sale to Fiat is yet another turning point in Maserati's rollercoaster history. In 1997, Maserati makes another big step on its climb back from the bottom. Ferrari, now owned by Fiat, takes the reins at Maserati. It was left somewhere between life and death.

Harald J Wester	It was somewhat cynical and ironical to give Maserati to its archrival, Ferrari to give it a fresh start.

Narrator	Soon after, Maserati's manufacturing methods improve considerably. State of the art assembly lines are installed, which require a huge remodeling of the decades old facilities. It helps Maserati climb up to over 2,000 cars produced a year, a great improvement over previous years.

Harald J Wester	We immediately started to reorganize, re-engineer, fix all the issues.

Narrator	An important|release under the new management is the 3200GT, a streamlined coupe created by Giorgetto Giugiaro's Itale design in 1998. The twin turbo charged V8 produces 370 horsepower. Top speed is almost  180 miles per hour. From 2002 until early 2005, Ferrari and Maserati operate on the automotive scene jointly as the Ferrari-Maserati group. Although they continue to remain separate companies. In 2005, Maserati is split off from Ferrari and returns to Fiat Auto. Maserati continues to work in cooperation with Ferrari, however.

Nick Mason	The Italians have always said that the Italian gentlemen buy Maseratis, and the Italian playboys buy Ferraris. Of course that was why I had one of each. 

Narrator	Maserati’s success on the track stretches back decades. It begins with Carlo Maserati's first work on motorizing bicycles, and has continued right up to the speeding giants that can be seen on the international raceways of today.  The release of the Maserati MC12 in 2004 is the big step in Maserati's return to racing after 37 years. Under the guidance of technical director Giorgio Ascanelli, a race car is developed eligible for the FIA GT championship. A racing series organized at the behest of the Federation Internationale de l’Automobile.


Andrea Bertolini	We really worked a lot on it, and did a great deal of development testing. Very methodical with a lot of dedication as it corresponds to the philosophy of Maserati. We then had a vehicle that already won in the first  24 hours of spa.

Narrator	Andrea Bertolini serves as the chief test driver throughout development, and drives the MC12 to several victories.

Andrea Bertolini	Of course there was some cooperation between Maserati and Ferrari as they belong together. However, all Maserati racing cars were independently developed.

Narrator	 The mean machine remains the most potent Maserati to date. It can reach 205 miles per hour.

Andrea Bertolini	For six|years, may I say this? We dominated the world of GT cars.

Narrator	An important requirement for participation in the FIA GT is the production of a road version. A total of  50 Maserati MC Stradales are built for customers, each of which are pre-sold for approximately 700,000 US dollars. The MC12 certainly gets people's attention, but it takes more to make Maserati even more powerful. For that, the house of the trident needs another kind of car. The new Quattroporte.

Harald J Wester	Then there was the fifth generation launched in 2003 by Ferrari. We relaunched it with an automatic gearbox peak the volumes in 2006 .

Narrator	The sedan, designed by Pininfarina, receives high praise for its blend of new features, comfort, and speed of almost 170 miles per hour. Throughout its existence, Maserati's best road cars have tended to be grand touring cars.

Paolo Pininfarina	Car designers follow the evolution and the market trends of the society.

Narrator	Pininfarina believes that car design in the 1960s was passionate. In the '70s minimal, and somewhat radical. In the '80s it was decorative and organic, and in the '90s it was very rational.

Paolo Pininfarina	And now it's diversified and globalized. Exactly like society.

Narrator	The design company understands the evolution of society.  Its Gran Turismo of 2007 is a nod to Maserati's history, with a modern twist. The coupe with its 4.2 liter V8 engine and  horsepower has a top speed of almost 180 miles per hour. The push for the Gran Turismo MC Stradale comes from existing Maserati customers who want a road legal super sports car. The Gran Turismo MC Trofeo's roots can be found in this road model. With it, Maserati again|reenters the racing arena. The Trofeo Maserati is held since 2003. It is an all inclusive single mark championship. It enabled a new category of gentleman drivers to race for pleasure.

Matteo Panini	Watching the competition among the drivers is such fun, and to experience a Maserati Gran Turismo when  28 engines are ignited is a great feeling.

Narrator	Trofeo races are held on Europe's most prestigious circuits, but also in the US. Always combined with top level motor sports events such as FIA GT competitions. The drivers find the identical cars all race ready.Operated and managed by a professional organization that really sees to everything.

Harald J Wester	In 2007, we the reorganization, reconstruction, re-engineering paid off. It was the first, let’s say economic profit and positive result. I don't remember since how many years for Maserati. The reason why companies exist, despite all the passion and the people and everything is if you don't make money, you're gonna close. Sooner or later this business will die.

Narrator	2008, this is the phase when Harald Wester, CEO of Maserati, decides|to take the next step. He convinces the shareholders and Sergio Marchionne,  the group CEO, to trust him and his team and to make another significant investment into Maserati. What inspires and motivates someone like Wester to take on this big challenge?

Harald J Wester	Well, I mean it's, it's a question of of what you wanna do in life. What is fun? I think when something is really, I don't wanna say destroyed, but it's really questionable whether this plane is gonna take off, or never, ever again will fly, the degree of freedom, the potential of change. Changing the organization, working with the people is much bigger than in a mature, rich, successful organization. I wanted to become one|of these special people. The real special people are survivors.

Narrator	Special people are also the various leading|coach builders of Italy Maserati has always worked with. Pininfarina, Zagato, Touring, Frua, Bertone, Allemano, Poneski, Vignale, Ghia, and Ital Design.

Paolo Pininfarina	The founders, like Mr.|Bertone or my grandfather they had strong characters. They were very charismatic. Their characters could|be found in the projects.

Nick Mason	It must be slightly|odd when they're workingat these different houses trying to keep that feel. That's definitely a Ferrari, that's definitely Maserati.

Narrator	One of the most|respected automotive designers currently strutting the halls of Maserati is ex-Pininfarina man, Lorenzo Ramaciotti.

Harald J Wester	The man who has been referred to by Top Gear as the king of Italian car design.

Narrator	For him, design is very important in helping to build the uniqueness and recognizability of a brand.

Lorenzo Ramaciott	If you look back on the sort of Maserati, every car was kind of new chapter. They worked with all the major Italian designers, and their cars are really broad coverage of trends through the time.

Narrator	Two of Ramaciotti's favorite designs have come from the latter quarter of his career. The Gran Turismo, and the reborn sixth generation Quattroporte.

Harald J Wester	Ferrari provides the heart to our machine. We are together out there to represent Italian excellence.


Lorenzo Ramaciott	The world has changed, and Maserati too has changed. We are trying to bring theMaserati in today's time, and give them the size of today's time.

Harald J Wester	The Italianness, the Italian roots, the Italian flavor are an important ingredient of our brand. We will not build Maseratis out of Italy.

Narrator	In 2013, Maserati announces the legendary Ghibli will be revived as the Ghibli III. The midsized sedan offers V petrol, and for the first time in Maserati's history, diesel engines as well as a twin turbo Ferrari V in the performance model. Maserati is moving with the times, and is constantly evolving. More than ever. Sergio Marchionne, Maserati's chairman, even refers to this movement as the Maserati revolution. Adapting to the auto market of the day is one of the main reasons Maserati has been able to stay in business for so many decades. Yes, the Tridente is back in businessin many parts of the world. The United States has been, is, and may remain Maserati's most important market. China has become the second most important pillar in the world. The Middle East, together with Central Europe, accounts for another third of the market. 2014 is an important year in many ways. It's the Trident's 100th anniversary. This, the company celebrates with a presentation of its stunning Alfieri, a brand new throwback to the company's great two-door race inspired cars of the 1950s. This car has a racing pedigree, but it also possesses a kick of poetry. Its name has a provenance. It was Alfieri Maserati, the founder of the brand, who set up shop in Bologna 100 years ago. In the founding family's hands, Maserati became one of the most admired and most winning European marks. Few companies have survived as many setbacks as Maserati. It has weathered wars, several ownership changes, even the threat of liquidation and fierce competition from corporate giants. Through all of this, the Italian automotive icon has not only survived, but thrived. Maserati reminds us that with steadfast commitment  to hard work and unwavering passion,  we can all overcome hardship and achieve what we set out to do.

Harald J Wester	We are million, millions of miles away from being ignorant or arrogant, or giving anything for granted. We are entering the company each and every morning with recharged batteries full of energy to prepare the next strike against the giants.


V.O Winston Churchill	Never give in. Never give in. Never, never, never. In nothing, great or small, large or petty, never give in, except|to convictions of honor and good sense. Never yield to force. Never yield to the apparently overwhelming might of the enemy.
