(THE REPUBLIC 10)

	
	
	
Bridget	What will you do with us?

Katlego	I'll know once I receive my instructions.

President Mulaudzi	Cassius, Zondo and I have a history.

Hendrik	I wanted to marry her. We found out she was carrying a boy.

Cassius	What happened to the baby?

President Mulaudzi	I did what I needed to do.

Female Analyst	Thabang, why is your wife and child tied up like that? Is that why you want to see the President?

Minister of Police	We've just received a tip-off that Thabang's on his way to kill the President. What have you done, Thabang?

Katlego	It's done.

News Anchor	President Mulaudzi...has been assasinated. Thabang Ranaka, the disgraced former policeman, associated with Hendrik Zondo...has been identified as the assassin. And according to police reports, he's now been taken into custody. What's wrong?

Hendrik	Why the long faces as if  I'm asking for church offering? These are good news! The President is dead. Do you hear me? We're going to be rich, and our problems are finally over. Do you hear me? Hallelujah!

Moses	Bring some drinks!

Hendrik	Vulani!

Victorious	Give them!

News Anchor	We're going to take you live now to the Union Buildings where the Deputy President is standing by to address the nation.

Cassius	Fellow South Africans, today has been a long day. A day like no other. Today, has tested our democracy. It is with a broken heart...that I inform you that our President, President Lufuno Mulaudzi, has passed away. Our President tragically lost her life...while fighting to defend our democracy... against aggressors, henchmen...of former President Hendrik Zondo. Men who are determined...to bring down our democracy that we fought so hard for! But they will not win. Our preliminary investigations...revealed that former VIP Protection agent, Thabang Ranaka, on the instruction of former President Zondo, is the one who carried out this heinous assassination against our President. He is currently in police custody and our investigators are questioning him. We will restore law and justice in our country.

Bridget	What the hell did you make my husband do?

Katlego	Let me tell you something about your husband. He's too nice, stupid and weak.

Dineo	My father's not weak! It's you who doesn't have a backbone!

Katlego	hut her up. 

Bridget	Or what?

Katlego	Or I'll shut her up! 

Bridget	How dare you, bastard!

katlego	You sent my husband to do your dirty work!

Bridget	Nonsense! Look what he's done! - You're so evil. Who sent him?

katlego	I'm going to be rich and you'll be left here suffering! Who sold out our country, huh?  Just like you're suffering now! You'll be stuck in here. 

Dineo	Ma...Look how broke you are!  Are you okay?

Katlego	 I'll be rolling in money!  Sit down. The truth is...  Huh? Look at you now! Good. 

Dineo	I think she's having an asthma attack.

Katlego	Asthma, my foot! 

Dineo	You need to get an asthma pump! Hurry up! 

Katlego	Shut up!

Dineo	She'll die, man! It's in the bathroom, there's a bag in there! She'll die, Katlego! Hurry up. It's in the bathroom. 

Katlego	You're playing games with me.

Dineo	Hurry up. Breathe...Hurry up!

Katlego	Just look at you. A dead woman walking. We have confidence...

Cassius	that we’ll bring former  President Zondo to book. We will restore law and justice in our country. This is our country. Nkosi sikelel'iAfrika! Mm!

Moses	Yeah! Lufuno is dead. It's over! Aha! That fool, Cassius. What a devastating moment for South Africa.

News Anchor	He's a fool.

Moses	News then, coming in, as you heard there from the Deputy President.

News Anchor	That President Mulaudzi, the fifth democratically elected President of this country...has been assassinated. South Africa, of course, has always seen itself to be exceptional. Today's events proving… that perhaps we're not so very much and the very crux and fibre that's held our democracy together could be crumbling. Cassius.

Hendrik	I’ve transferred your money.

Cassius	It should reflect at any moment. Oh, great job, my brother.

Hendrik	I saw you on TV. You should really consider taking a career in acting. Enough jokes.

Cassius	Make sure you arrange a flight for us to get out of this country ASAP.

Hendrik	I've already spoken to the general at the airbase.

Cassius	Everything is on track. I’ll call you back in 15 minutes with all the details. Good, then.

Hendrik	Now, go and be the President. Thabang has done as requested.

Bridget	He has killed Mulaudzi. Please let us go. I can't do that.

Katlego	I’m working on orders. You can't move.

Bridget	Orders? What rubbish is that?

Katlego 	What rubbish, Bridget?

Bridget	Coming from your mouth.

Katlego	Are you giving me an attitude? 

Bridget	How dare you do this,

Katlego	after everything that's happened, Katlego? Shut up!

Bridget	How far have we come together? Or what? 

Katlego	Shut up Bridget! Speak up, Moses! You’ve done well, my brother.

Moses	I heard Mulaudzi is dead. Where's my money? Transfer that R5 million. My job is done now!

Katlego	Typical black man, throw a few cents his way and he's ready to turn.

Moses	Don't mess with me, Moses. We're not peers. Don't mess with me.

Katlego	Send my money! I’m kidding, man. Listen...

Moses	I’ll tell you where and when we can meet, and you’ll get your cash. I'm still tying up some loose ends. Well, I don't have any loose ends.

Katlego	Yeah,

Moses	you have Ranaka’s wife and daughter. They know too much. People who know too much are very problematic. You need to kill her. It’s been one hell of a day.

Cassius	Our fellow South Africans, must be reassured and comforted. Mr Deputy President, that was a very great speech you made.

Angela	We need to...

Cassius	make funeral arrangements...to bury our President. Someone we loved dearly. Uhm...Please excuse me. Now that the position has been left vacant by its owner, I've been asked to fill it. It's duty's call. I take orders from you. With all due respect, I'm your servant  and I'll do as you wish. Please excuse me. Chief Justice, I was...Hello, Gatsheni.

President Mulaudzi	Mm. As you can see, I'm alive and well. Far from somebody who's... critical but stable. Close your mouth! Before flies get in! How? I...

Cassius	I thought you were...Dead?

President Mulaudzi	Tell him. Deputy President,

Sbu	I'm Sbu Khumalo Mntungwa. Special Task Force. We had to fake the President’s assassination. Fake?

Cassius	But the blood...There was blood! Blood from the ambulance in Soshanguve.

Sbu	Thabang came to us and we had to work with him. So much lies!

Cassius	I just...I just told South Africa that you are dead! Yes, thank you. Well done.

President Mulaudzi	Ndlovu, someone has kidnapped Thabang's family. That person is working with Zondo. From inside this very building. That's a traitor.

Cassius	They are a traitor, and they must be locked up! Where are they? They must be locked up now! That traitor is talking to the President as we speak.

Minister of Finance	Hello, Deputy. Cassius, you transferred R10 million...

President Mulaudzi	from your own personal account, into Zondo’s offshore account. That’s a lie!

Cassius	It's an askari. There are counter-revolutionaries here. They are trying to... - Alright. That's enough! That's a lie! 

Sbu	Cuff him.

Cassius	 That's a lie! 

Sbu	Hey!

Cassius	President! President Mulaudzi! Mulaudzi! Mulaudzi! Mulaudzi! Go! Come, come!

Minister of Police	There's no one in this house.

Thabang	Damn it!

Minister of Police	Cassius.

President Mulaudzi	You need to start talking. You need to tell us everything you know. What Zondo is planning, with whom, and where he's hiding. Everything! Come on! You might as well start talking! I’m not saying a word without my lawyer present.

Cassius	I have rights. You must've lost your mind.

President Mulaudzi	You have rights? Rights, Cassius? Don't be crazy! You've just committed treason! You can shout all you like,

Cassius	but I’m not saying a word without my lawyer present. I still have rights, even when I'm arrested! Really?

President Mulaudzi	Is that how you want to play it? Is that how you want to play it? You'll speak now! Stand back!

Sbu	President. 

Police Officer	Stand back.

Sbu	Hey!

Minister of Finance	Back off, back off.

Sbu	My Commander. Madam President. Madam President. Madam! Madam President. You can't do this. I know you're angry, but you cannot do this. Gentlemen,

President Mulaudzi	excuse me, please. No, no. 

Sbu	I need a few minutes.

President Mulaudzi	with the former Deputy President. 

Sbu	No, it's not happening. You can't do this, Madam President. 

President Mulaudzi	I said excuse me.

Sbu	Madam President. 

President Mulaudzi	Thank you.

Sbu	I'm not going anywhere. I've already lost you this morning. I'm not going to stand here and watch you make the biggest mistake of your life. Listen to me! Commander. 

Minister of Finance	Whoa!

Sbu	Madam President! Please, I'm begging you.

President Mulaudzi	I’ve only ever used it once. He was an SADF member. It was either me or him. I don't care,

Sbu	but this is not right. Five minutes!

President Mulaudzi	It was not a request. 

Sbu	Five minutes? I could lose my job for five minutes, Madam President! For five minutes!

Minister of Finance	Sbu. 

Sbu	what?

Minister of Finance	Let her be. 

Sbu	And lose my job? It will be on you! I'm working for my kids! Now I have to watch the President make the biggest mistake of her life! Minister of Justice, this is not justice! We're taking the law into our hands! This is not right, Madam President! It's not right! Sir... let's go, my brother.

Minister of Finance	Let's go. Think Thabang, think.

Thabang	Where could he have taken them?

Minister of Police	How would I know?

Thabang	Katlego said he wouldn’t harm them, and now this? Don’t tell me about Katlego! He’s useless, just like Hendrik.

Minister of Police	I can’t lose my wife and my daughter. Never.

Thabang	Don’t worry, Thabang.

Minister of Police	We’ll find them. I’m sure they're still alive. Are you sure?

Thabang	What makes you so sure? Talk to me, Sbu. Thabang,

Sbu	please tell me you found them. There's no one here. The house is empty, Katlego moved them.

Thabang	Okay.

Sbu	What do you want me to do? I’m not sure. I don’t even know where to start looking for them. You...Wait. Have you found Zondo?

Thabang	We must find him. He’s the only one who can lead us to Bridget and Didi. No, we haven’t found Zondo.

Sbu	We are narrowing. What to do you mean?

Thabang	We have the Deputy President’s phone. He's been communicating with Zondo.

Sbu	We’re using the cellphone towers to try and trace his location. As soon as you have the location,

Thabang	share it with Mbali. She might help us find where her father is. Tell her all the information you have so far. You hear me? And then ask her nicely to think where her father could be. All right, I will.

Sbu	And please get back to me as soon as she says something.

Thabang	This might be the only way to trace Didi and Bridget's location, if they are still alive. No, no, Thabang.

Sbu	Listen here, we’re going to find them. Okay? Just don't give up. All right, Sbu.

Thabang	What are we doing here?

Cassius	I don’t want your evil blood on my precious carpet.

President Mulaudzi	Sit. Are you just going to stare at me?

Cassius	Are you speaking isiXhosa now?

President Mulaudzi	What happened to your fake isiZulu? It was never any good. My isiZulu got you into bed.

Cassius	I can’t believe you betrayed me like this.

President Mulaudzi	After everything you and I have been through. Everything we did  for this democracy! Everything we did? What did you do?

Cassius	You’re not Winnie Mandela. You're not Adelaide. What did you do? What happened to you?

President Mulaudzi	Nothing.

Cassius	I’m the same man. No, man. You were a good man.

President Mulaudzi	None of us is good, Lufuno.

Cassius	No one is a good person. Not me, not you, not? Oh, you think you’re good. You think you’re a good person. You think you're the best President. You're not a President. You’re no President, you were never elected. You were a compromise choice. A compromise choice to fill Hendrik’s seat. Nobody wanted you. Nobody. Not the party, not the country, not even me. But of course we don’t want you. You can’t even bare children. What are you? I trusted you.

President Mulaudzi	I trusted you, Cassius. I defended you... when everyone said you were nothing but a traitor! I defended you! Meanwhile, all you were interested in...was to crawl into my bed just so you can betray me. I crawled into your bed to control you.

Cassius	Look, put the gun down and get me Ngcukaitobi. I need a lawyer. You’re in no position to make demands.

President Mulaudzi	You don’t get to dance on my democracy with your filthy feet... and then make demands! Put your gun down and call the lawyer for me.

Cassius	Ngcukaitobi could be free. You’re not getting Ngcukaitobi.

President Mulaudzi	Not even Mpofu or Skhakhane. You’re not even getting Gerrie Nel or Barry Roux. What you're going to do, Cassius... is to tell me where Hendrik Zondo is, right now! Damn it!

Sbu	I said sit down.

President Mulaudzi	Sit down. Commander… Where is Zondo?

Sbu	Madam President.

President Mulaudzi 	Commander.  Where is Hendrik Zondo? Commander.

Sbu	Calm down. Clear the weapon. Hey! Cassius! Cassius, Cassius? Shoot him.

President Mulaudzi	Cassius! 

Cassius	Shut up!

Sbu	Cassius! 

Cassius	Come here.

Sbu	Don’t do this. 

Cassius	Shoot him.

President Mulaudzi	Calm down!

Sbu	You shut up!

Cassius	Deputy President? Shoot him! - Shut up!

President Mulaudzi	Shut up! 

Cassius	Shoot him! Get lost! Listen, Call Victor. Call Victor and tell him I want a helicopter now! You and I are going on a trip. Shut up! - You don't have to do this.

Sbu	Call Cassius.

Cassius	Shut up. 

Sbu	Don’t make me do this, please. Hey!

Cassius	You don’t have to do this. Look at me.

Sbu	Shut up.

Cassius	You don't have to do this.

Sbu	Shut up! - I don't want to do this.

Cassius	Ouch!

Sbu	I really don’t get Cassius.

Hendrik	He said 15 minutes, and that was over 30 minutes ago. He’s probably getting sworn in now that Mulaudzi is dead.

Junior	He’s busy with useless things being sworn in.

Hendrik	Mulaudzi is dead. He should be focusing on getting us out of the country. Call him, Hendrik.

Sindi	What for?

Hendrik	He knows what needs to be done. They might trace our location. I’m just trying to help.

Sindi	Helping with stupid suggestions? Just shut up!

Hendrik	What do we do now?

Sindi	Thank you for letting me know.

Minister of Police	Hey, Deputy President is dead. Mulaudzi killed him. No.

Thabang	Apparently he's been working with Hendrik all along.

Minister of Police	When she confronted him, he tried to kill her, but she got to him first. Do you know what this means? 

Thabang	What? With him dead, we're not going to find Zondo, and if we don't find Hendrik, then Didi and Bridget? How the hell will I find them? What?

Minister of Police	They're at Church Square.

Thabang	Huh?

Minister of Police	Church square! Let’s go. Church square, gents!

Thabang	Church Square! Let's go!

Minister of Police	Madam President. Madam President, are you okay?

Minister of Finance	I’m fine.

President Mulaudzi	Don’t forget this is not the first life I’ve taken. This is no time to be emotional, Minister. Let's work on our next move. Well, I think we should call that boy Aldrin Sampear to come.

Minister of Finance	You go live and tell the nation that you’re alive. Zondo thinks I’m dead.

President Mulaudzi	If he finds out I’m alive, he’ll know that Cassius is no longer in charge here. He’ll go underground...or leave the country, and we’ll never see him again. We can’t afford to do that. You know how he is. He's managed to evade security forces for years. You’re right, actually. That’s a brilliant plan.

Minister of Finance	So, what do we do now? 	We double our efforts. 

President Mulaudzi	Commander,

Sbu	we've been able to trace Cassius and Zondo’s calls. We have a location. That’s good.

President Mulaudzi	So what are you still doing here? It’s quite a big area, Commander.

Sbu	We’ve asked Zondo’s daughter to come in and help us. Okay.

President Mulaudzi	Mntungwa. Any word on Bridget and her child? Not yet, Commander.

Sbu	Thanks.

President Mulaudzi	Would you kindly ask Jessica to organise me fresh clothes, please? Sure, Madam President.

Minister of Finance	My brother.

Moses	I’ve done my part of the deal.

Katlego	And your country will pay you for that.

Moses	No, no. Don’t give me that.

Katlego	Where’s my money? Church Square.

Moses	Yes, like we agreed.

Katlego	Leave it by Paul Kruger statue. Oh. That thing is still there?

Moses	I thought they’d removed it after 1994. Listen, I don’t need you to walk me down the memory lane.

Katlego	I want my money. There's a bin on the left of Paul Kruger. Leave the money there. I thought you’d want to see me  face to face, man to man.

Moses	I don't trust you.

Katlego	Fine, I’ll leave the money by Uncle Paul's feet.

Moses	Sure.

Katlego	So, how long will it take for you to bring her here?

President Mulaudzi	She’s already in the building, Commander.

Sbu	Yes. Okay.

President Mulaudzi	Do you expect this Barbie to sell out her own father?

Sbu	Commander, she’s been very ... 

President Mulaudzi	She has a mouth, let her talk. Do you really expect me to believe that you... knew nothing about your father’s schemes? And his plan to burn South Africa down? I’ve never liked you.

Mbali	And I’ve written some mean things about you? Get to the point, child.

President Mulaudzi	I love my father.

Mbali	Or I loved him. I don’t know? I’m confused right now. For years, everyone said he was a thug in a suit. A corrupt man who bought his way to power. I never believed them. Maybe it was easy, but I trusted my father, until today. I'm still confused. The man who committed all those crimes, that’s not my father. But...maybe...maybe that’s my real father, and I was just too naive to see him for who and what he is. A monster! Mntungwa here...

President Mulaudzi	believes that you...are the only person who can help us locate Zondo. The cellphone towers show us that he’s around Mooikloof.

Sbu	Is there anyone...you think he could go to? I told you she’d waste our time!

President Mulaudzi	Commander, just give her an opportunity. 

Sbu	Take her away.

President Mulaudzi	Commander!

Sbu	Wait, Mooikloof?

Mbali	There’s only one person that can accommodate my father there. Victorious Nchabeleng-Mphahlele. She stays in Mooikloof. Victorious?

President Mulaudzi	That crook? She masquerades being a businesswoman. That criminal! It’s Zondo...

Sbu	calling Cassius. We need to move fast. Time is not on our side.

President Mulaudzi	Commander.

Sbu	Can’t you go any faster?

Thabang	Sorry, I have not driven since I joined the cabinet.

Minister of Police	I don't care, man. My wife, my daughter!

Thabang	We’ll find them, Ranaka.

Minister of Police	They are here somewhere.

Thabang	I'm sure of it. They’re here somewhere. I hope we’re not too late.

Minister of Police	Why are you buzzing at my gate like the apartheid police? What do you want?

Victorious	You’ll see apartheid if you don’t open the gate.

Sbu	You hear me? We’ve got a search warrant. We believe that Zondo is in there! Everybody move!

Minister of Police	No, no. You stay here.

Sbu	It’ll be safer. You break anything, you pay.

Victorious	Well, I've got a search warrant. We believe that Zondo is here.

Sbu	Based on what?

Victorious	Intel.

Sbu	Intel, my foot.

Victorious	Really? The whole country has been burning the whole day, and you think I’d harbour the former President in my home? No, I’m not that kind of a person. I’ve not seen that man in months! I want you to search this entire house.

Sbu	Am I clear? - All right.

Police Officer	Turn it upside down, if you have to.

Sbu	Come on, guys.

Police Officer	Are you sure that Zondo is not in your house?

Sbu	How many times  must I repeat myself?

Victorious	You're drunk.

Sbu	You’re drinking alcohol. Our country is burning down, and you're busy getting drunk. Listen here, boy,

Victorious	you don’t get to come to my house and disrespect me. Don’t dictate to me. It’s my alcohol. 

Sbu	And It’s my warrant.

Victorious	Stupid warrant! Tell me, how old are you?

Sbu	What’s it to you? 

Victorious	No, no. Tell me. How old are you? 

Sbu	I'm 30 and you?

Victorious	Thirty. 1989. Do you know what was happening then? Do you know? In 1989, the country was burning. You have no idea how many people died, but people died. We took up arms, fighting the struggle. We fought for this liberation. Next thing you come into in an innocent woman’s house... and accuse me without proof? Zondo’s daughter? 

Sbu	Don’t tell me about Zondo’s daughter.

Victorious	Because I know you, born-frees. All of you have this self-entitlement to freedom. Free education, free healthcare, free housing, free everything. What have you done for this country? Nothing. We’ve searched the whole house, Sir.

Police Officer	But we didn’t find anything. Are you sure?

Sbu	Positive.

Police Officer	I could’ve given you that information free of charge.

Victorious	For your own information,

Sbu	you’re busy making a noise here about fighting for the struggle. Bullshit. You didn’t fight. You were in Mozambique for two months, then crossed the border to Swaziland...to enjoy life. Fought for the struggle, my foot. Let’s go. Katlego!

Thabang	Put your hands in the air. I won’t repeat myself, Katlego. Put your damn hands up! Damn.  Damn it! Hey, don’t fall on top of me. Hey, what are you doing? Can’t you see he’s dead?

Minister of Police	I don't care. I’ll gut his stomach open if I have to.

Thabang	He’s the only person who knows where my family is. I don’t care. Here. It’s not like he’ll wake up and tell you where they are. Will you shut up or get away from me! I know my family is in his car, and I’m sure it’s parked somewhere around here. This guy has always been stupid. I’m sure he parked his car somewhere close-by. It can’t be far. I don’t know what car he drives. Where will we find it, in this crowd?

Minister of Police	Let’s go.

Thabang	His car must be here somewhere. It's over there!

Minister of Police	Clear!

Thabang	Lower your weapons.

Minister of Police	Bridge!

Thabang	Bridge! 

Bridget	Thabang! Didi!

Thabang	Commander, we’ve searched the whole house.

Sbu	Zondo is not here. Yes, Commander. Okay, let’s wrap it up! My apologies again. No problem.

Victorious	Sir, you need to see this. We've found something.

Police Officer	Where is Zondo?

Sbu	No, no!

Mbali	Let me go, Junior! Help me! Don't shoot! Hold your fire!

Sbu	Our witness is in there! Damn it! Damn it!
