
(THE REPUBLIC 13)




Moses	My hometown. Sosha!

President Mulaudzi	We need to find that bomb!

Thabang	I'll do it.

Mbali	I don' want to be a part of this family! Do you hear me? I'm out!

Hendrik	If you walk out of that door, I'll blow your head off. I brought you into this world  and I can also end you.

Thabang	We need to fight for our Soshanguve. Please go out there and find that bomb!

President Mulaudzi	Your transport is ready. The helicopter is on its way, and the plane is getting refuelled, as we speak.

Sindi	I'm going to untie you.

Hendrik	You need to run to Aunt Petunia in Mamelodi.

Sindi	What the hell is going on here? Let the child go, Hendrik. 

Hendrik	Go where?

Junior	Hendrik, let her go! - You're leaving with us.My father won't leave me behind. He'll come back for me.

Moses	He won't leave me behind. You need to admit that he's not here. It's over.

Thabang	Checkmate. Madam President. 

President Mulaudzi	Yes?

Thabang	We've found the bomb.

De Kok	It's in Soshanguve. Ah! This is it!

President Mulaudzi	Soon you'll be starting your new life in Abu Dhabi. Leadership, let me know if you've started losing your mind. You might even find yourself a wife. Madam President, this is Wouter De Kok, the man who built the bomb in the 80's. It's an honour to meet you, Madam President.

De Kok	I would be lying if I said I share the same sentiments.

President Mulaudzi	There was a time when the mere mention of your name... sent simultaneous chills down the spines of many black South Africans. What was our crime? Thirsting for freedom? I was never found guilty of any wrongdoing.

De Kok	Yes.

President Mulaudzi	That sham the TRC gave you amnesty, doesn't mean your hands are clean. I hear you teach now, at the University of Pretoria, is it?

De Kok	It's amazing how much compromise had to come with this democracy.

President Mulaudzi	Madam President, I was summoned here under belief that you needed my help. One of the bombs that you designed in the 80's has found its way to Soshanguve. Former President Zondo is threatening to detonate it and kill thousands of black people.

Thabang	How do you feel about that?

President Mulaudzi	Evil knows no race, Madam President. I have to agree with you there. Now, will you help me disarm it?

Thabang	Madam President.

De Kok	Ranaka,

Thabang	I'm with Mr Wouter De Kok,

De Kok	the engineer that built the bomb. He's going to help you disarm it.

Thabang	Wouter De Kok?

De Kok	Yes, Sir. Can you hear me? Yes.

Thabang	Well, from the photos I've been shown,

De Kok	somebody has retrofitted a new timer device to the bomb. Yes.

Thabang	We should be able to bypass that completely and deactivate it at its core. Are you with me? I'm with you.

Bridget	There is a panel on the right-hand side of the bomb.

Thabang	You're going to have to remove it.

De Kok	Okay, please hold on for me. I'm putting you on speaker. Bridge, hold this for me.

Hendrik	Okay. I'm unscrewing it.

Bhambatha	Okay, but be gentle.

Hendrik	The screws are very soft. If you...

Thabang	if you put too much pressure, they'll bend and won't come out. The trick is  there's no OFF switch on the bomb.

De Kok	I hope your President told you not to give me any hassles. You'd better stand like that, unless you want to get fired.

Hendrik	It's okay. No need to rub it in their faces. Don't worry, it's our last day here. We're almost there.

Sindi	It's out. Good, boy. I mean, sir.

Hendrik	Where are Moses and Junior?

Bhambatha	They mustn't keep us waiting. We're running out of time.

Hendrik	Sit here.

Sindi	My dear, we can't leave our son behind.

Hendrik	Call them. What are they saying? - Just wait!

De Kok	Stop irritating me. You can see I'm calling them. I hope they didn't run into any trouble in Soshanguve and failed to get away.

Thabang	Damnit! Where is Moses? Why is he not picking up?

De Kok	We can't leave my son behind. Shut up!

Thabang	You're raising my blood pressure.

De Kok	Now, I need you to bypass the red wire with another one. Okay. Look for the green wire...and slowly cut it a 45-degree angle.

Thabang	I don't see a green wire. It must be there.

De Kok	Up on the right. Cut it. Turn off the power supply and disarm the bomb. Can you see it?

Thabang	I'm staring right at all the wires. There's no green wire. There is no green wire, sir.

De Kok	Okay, let me see. There must be green. I know it, it's the power supply. Um...what colour is the wire that's coming out of the right-hand side of the circuit board?

Thabang	Yellow!

De Kok	Yellow...That must be the power supply. Cut it.

Bridget	Wait. Let's cut it together, okay? Together.

Thabang	It's done! There...The bomb has been defused. Wait!

De Kok	De Kok, wait!

Bridget	What's happening?

Thabang	Oh, my gosh!

De Kok	The bomb is counting down! It didn't stop.

Thabang	What?

Bridget	We need to get out of here. No, Thabang. 

Thabang	We need to get out of here!

De Kok	No, no, no! Thabang! Thabang!

Thabang	Wait! De Kok, it has stopped. But it's now at 30 minutes!

De Kok	Oh, shit!

President Mulaudzi	What?

Police officer	Thabang, I have Moses' phone here. Zondo is trying to get hold of him. If he doesn't find him, he'll suspect he ran into trouble.

Thabang	To hell with Zondo! I don't have time. We need to find a way to stop this thing. Wouter, talk to me. Tell me what to do now.

De Kok	Just give me a second, okay.

Thabang	I don't have the time, Wouter. You need to tell me what to do now.

De Kok	They must've completely rewired the bomb when they put in a new timer.

Thabang	What?

De Kok	I don't know how to defuse it. They've completely changed how it works.

Thabang	What do you mean there's nothing you can do? You built this bomb! Wouter!

De Kok	I don't know.

Thabang	Wouter!

Bridget	Okay, maybe we can try to warn people to evacuate.

Thabang	Bridge, there is no time. You're not listening to me. There's only one way to solve this.

Bridget	No, no, no! Thabang! Hey! Thabang! Listen! No, no! Thabang! Hey, Thabang! Don't do this! Listen...Baby, please. Listen, Thabang. I'm begging you! No, Thabang! Whoa! Thabang! No, Thabang! Stop this car, man! What the hell do you think you are doing?

Thabang	Bridget, I have to get this bomb outside of Soshanguve. If I don't, it'll explode here. I'll find a farm somewhere... and let it explode there.

Bridget	And who's supposed to die? You?

Thabang	I need to do this, Bridge.

Bridget	No! What you need to understand is that you must stay here with us! Me and your daughter. Please choose us.

Thabang	What about these people?

Bridget	Listen, baby. Lord knows I really feel for the people of Soshanguve, but that doesn't mean you must die for Zondo's sins. Please. You didn't bring this bomb here. I'm begging you, my love. Let's get out of here.

Thabang	I can't leave this bomb to explode here. Innocent people will die, and our land will burn! I can't do that.

Bridget	No, Thabang. I don't understand that. I don't understand why you have to die for some cause. I don' understand that!

Thabang	You need to understand..

Bridget	No, no, no

Thabang	Bridge, there isn't enough time. 

Bridget	No.

Thabang	I have to do it for these people. If I don't get this bomb out of here, it'll explode and they will die. Look at these people, Bridget. Look at the place they live in. They drink sewerage water. The government lied to them, cheated, robbed and seduced them... by things that they don't even give a damn about! Their shacks leak when it rains! They're going to lose the little they have if that bomb explodes! Let me help them, Bridget. Let me do this one thing for them, to save their homes. I'm begging you, my love. Please. I love you. I love you. Even when I was a mess in my worst moments, I have always loved you. You need to let me go. Let me go, my love. Please, just...

Bridget	Okay, okay. Okay, okay.

Hendrik	I still can't get hold of them.

Bhambatha	I smell trouble here. It seems like your plan has failed.

Hendrik	We have to go now. I'm sure they got trapped in Soshanguve and there's no way out.

Sindi	Are you crazy? And leave Junior here?

Hendrik	You shut up. This is no time to chitchat! Moses is a soldier. He'll find a way for him and Junior to skip to Swaziland...and join us in Abu Dhabi.

Sindi	We can't leave our son behind. We're not leaving without Junior.

Hendrik	Don't be stupid! Can't you see the longer we stay here the more dangerous it becomes? Hey! Call your pilot here, we're ready to leave! Tell them to call the pilot, we're ready to leave! Call the pilot, we want to go!

Minister of Police	Madam President.

President Mulaudzi	Victor, what's taking you so long to reach the airbase?

Minister of Police	I just got here. I've been told that Hendrik has just got here.

President Mulaudzi	You need to arrest Hendrik.

Minister of Police	Yes, Ma'am.

De Kok	I'm sorry, Ma'am.

President Mulaudzi	As for you, dismissed.

De Kok	Madam President.

President Mulaudzi	Ranaka.

Thabang	Madam...

President Mulaudzi	Madam President, I've managed to get the bomb out of Soshanguve. Oh! Thank you, Thabang. Thank you. I always knew I could count on you. I have it with me. It's in the back of the van. What are you saying, Thabang? How can the bomb be with you?

Thabang	I'm driving the bomb as we speak. I'm looking for an empty plot. Farms like Hard Doring, Onderstepoort, Rooiwal. I'll let it explode there if I manage to get there on time, that way, we'll be able to save the community.

President Mulaudzi	Do you know where you're going to drive it to?

Minister	The only safe place to detonate a bomb is outside Rosslyn. There's a government land there.

President Mulaudzi	Thabang, there is a place you can manage to get to. Quickly drive to Rosslyn. There's a government land there. It's about 60 kilometers...away, and it's safe for at least five kilometers radius. And it's got a five kilometers radius safety. Thabang, what about you?

Thabang	Madam President, we can't let Zondo get away with this. We need to stop his little stunts. It's the only way we can stop him.

President Mulaudzi	Young man, ever since this day started, you served your country with dignity. I promise you, Ranaka's son, for as long as I live, your name will not be forgotten.

Thabang	Madam President, please. Please take care of my daughter and my wife.

President Mulaudzi	Don't worry, Thabang. They'll never want for anything. Goodbye, my friend.

Bridget	My husband is going to blow himself up with the bomb. The very same bomb that you brought to Soshanguve.

Moses	So what? Give him a reward for bravery.

Bridget	It's bastards like you who make whites think that blacks can't lead this nation. That blacks can only destroy! They did right by beating you up, Satan! You think everyone is as corrupt as you are? Well, listen, there are still good men who will do anything to defend this democracy. Men like my husband. This is noise! Soshanguve will heal. South Africa will forget that all of this ever happened. But it's a pity... that bastards like you will never see a new dawn because you'll be rotting in prison.

Moses	Get lost.

Bridget	You too, dog!

Minister of Police	Gents, let's go in.

Sindi	Hendrik, is this your plan?

Hendrik	Hey, get lost!

Sindi	Look what's happening outside! I don't care anymore! 

Hendrik	Stop irritating me.

Sindi	What are we going to do now? There are police all over the place! Oh, Lord! Look what's happening now, Hendrik!

Policeman	Drop your guns! Freeze!

Policeman 2	Drop your guns! Freeze!

Policeman	Gun down!

Hendrik	Hey, hey, hey! Don't scream at me! Don't scream at me, I'm not your friend. Shoot me!

Policeman	Put the gun down!

Hendrik	Don't order me around. Who do you think you are?

Minister of Police	Hendrik. 

Hendrik	Get lost!

Minister of Police	The President wants to talk to you. 

Hendrik	Tell her I'm not interested!

Minister of Police	Hear her out. 

Hendrik	Tell her! If she wants to talk, let this plane go now!

Minister of Police	It's over, Hendrik. Put the gun down. 

Hendrik	Depart it. Don't come closer.

Minister of Police	I'll put the phone on loudspeaker.

Hendrik	I'll shoot you. 

Minister of Police	Let it go.

Hendrik	Tell her to let the plane go.

Minister of Police	Easy. Easy, easy.

Hendrik	I don't care about the President!

President Mulaudzi	Mr Zondo. I'm sorry, Sir, I couldn't make it there to give you this bad news face to face. But what can I say? I have a country to run.

Hendrik	Don't mess with me. You think I'm your friend? I'll detonate that bomb now!

President Mulaudzi	It's over, Hendrik. It's all over. Your sons, Junior and Moses... are not coming there. They've been handcuffed, as we speak.

Hendrik	You're lying!

President Mulaudzi	You know I'm not.

Hendrik	Listen, I'll bomb the whole of Soshanguve.

President Mulaudzi	The bomb you're bragging about has already been taken out of Soshanguve. It won't hurt anyone.

Minister of Police	It's over, brother. Let's give it up.

Sbu	The President and the citizens of this country...
Sbu	really appreciate what your father is doing for us.

Dineo	Thank you. It's my father. I have to take this. Daddy.

Thabang	Didi. My girl. How are you? Remember how I used to always tell you that...you're the most important thing in my life?

Dineo	What's going on?

Thabang	Daddy loves you and he'll always love you. It doesn't matter where I go, I'll always look over you. Even though I might never be able to make you eggs and atchar, or hold you when you jump on top of me like you used to, every time we met.

Dineo	I don't understand. What's going on?

Thabang	All I wanted to be was a father you can be proud of. Someone who could walk the right path, even though I didn't walk the right path. I've failed you at times, but...

Dineo	I don't follow.

Thabang	Daddy is not coming back, my girl.

Dineo	Why not? Where are you going?

Thabang	I'm going to join Granny. I have to do this, my girl. It's the only way to save our country. That's why I'm saying I'm very sorry.

Dineo	You can't do this to me.

Thabang	Remember what Granny used to say? Remember what she used to say? She used to say people don't die, we just return to dust, but our spirits live on forever, my girl.

Dineo	That's a lie.

Thabang	It's the truth, Didi. I know you may no longer be able to hear my voice anymore, but my spirit will always be with you, my girl.

Dineo	I don't want your spirit. I want you alive. What are you going to do? I need you. What about Mom?

Thabang	Mommy will always have you, Didi.

Dineo	No. Dad.

Thabang	My girl...

Dineo	You can't do this, please.

President Mulaudzi	Comrade. If I were you, I'd turn myself in. Otherwise, I'm going to have to tell those men to shoot you like a dog.

Hendrik	Hey! Don't you dare, dog! Don't mess with me!

President Mulaudzi	To be honest, I never understood what South Africans saw in you... when they referred to you as the people's President.

Hendrik	Shut up!

President Mulaudzi	Our poor people are easily deceived, you know. They believed empty promises from a selfish man. They believed you when you convinced them so well that...you were the champion of the poor. Voice of the voiceless. The whole country believed you...and thought you were a Messiah. Moses who was going to get them out of Egypt. But who are you? I know you better than anyone, Hendrik. I know you way too well. You're nothing but a sociopath. And I know you never joined MK to liberate our people. You were there for totally  different selfish reasons.

Hendrik	That's a lie! That's not true!

President Mulaudzi	The very same people...that you swore to fight for, today you so easily want them blown up for a few million. What kind of a person are you? How could you be so cruel? You're an excuse of a man, Hendrik Zondo.

Hendrik	Who are you insulting? Have you forgotten what you did to me? You killed my baby! Selfish woman! You killed my baby so you could sleep your way to power! You think I don't know that?

President Mulaudzi	What was I supposed to do? Tell me, Hendrik! What was I supposed to do? Pregnant in John Vorster Square! How was I supposed to raise the baby? Yes. I terminated. I terminated that pregnancy. And I'll tell you now, that was one of the toughest decisions I had to make. But we were at war. I had to do what I had to do... because that baby was never going to get a decent mother out of me. So go ahead, sir. Insult me. Call me every name. If you think I'm a murderer, then so be it. But I did it so I could fight for South Africa. To liberate the very same people you want to kill today! Now please, don't let me tell those men to shoot you down like a dog, because I will.

Thabang	Didi, I'm running out of time, my girl. I could go on about how much I love you, I could go on, my girl, telling you how much I love you... and how you've given me so much joy in my life, my girl. But I need you to do me a favour, Didi. Yes?

Dineo	Can you add your mom to this call, like you always do sometimes?

Thabang	Call merging? That one, my girl. Please.

Bridget	Okay. - Okay, my girl. Excuse me. My daughter is calling.

Thabang	Hi, baby.

Bridget	Bridge.

Dineo	Thabang.

Thabang	Mom, please tell Dad not to do this. I'm begging you.

Bridget	My child,

Dineo	you know Mommy doesn't go to church a lot, right?

Bridget	Yes. But there's a certain verse that my mother used to tell me about. I'll never forget it. It used to say Everything has its time, and there is a time for everything under the sun. There is a time to plant, there is a time for birth, there is a time to build up, there is a time to heal, there is a time to tear down. So, baby, today is our time to mourn. It's a time to grieve.

Thabang	Today is your father's time to leave this world.

Bridget	But I'll never leave your sight. Did you hear that, my baby? Did you hear what Daddy said? He says he'll never leave our sight. He'll always be with us. You must be drunk! Don't mess with me! Come here.

Minister of Police	Let her go! Let her go!

President Mulaudzi	Zondo, don't do anything stupid!

Minister of Police	Hendrik! Don't do it!

Hendrik	Tell the pilot to start the plane, I want to go!

Minister of Police	Don't do it, Hendrik! 

Hendrik	Get out of my way! Tell the pilot to start the plane, I want to go! Get out of here! Talk to your guys! I'll kill this child! Tell them to start the plane, I want to go!

Minister of Police	Don't do it, Hendrik!

Hendrik	Hey you, bastards! Get out of this plane! - Don't! - Get out of the way! Go! Tell your guys to put the guns down.

President Mulaudzi	No, Zondo. I won't do that. It's over, my comrade. You've lost. I'm not going to tell them to step down. It's over, Comrade. You know what, I run a democratic government. And in a democratic State, we don't negotiate with terrorists.

Hendrik	Democracy? What democracy are you talking about? Democracy, my foot!

Sindi	Why are you doing this, Hendrik? 

Hendrik	It's a stupid democracy!

Sindi	Stop it, Hendrik! 

Hendrik	I was democratically elected. I'm telling you. I was elected and you overthrew me before I finished my term. To hell with democracy! You betrayed me! For what? Dogs!

President Mulaudzi	You stole from the government. Have you forgotten that?

Hendrik	Who has never stolen from the government? Who's never stolen from it? The wife of this Minister in front of me was given a tender for the blue lights...

Sindi	You'll kill my daughter! 

Hendrik	It was worth R10 million. Tell the truth. 

Minister of Police	You're lying!

Hendrik	You got rich from tender money!

Mbali	Please don't do this.

Hendrik	I'll shoot you right now. And that President will be the one to clean up your blood! I'll kill you. 

Sindi	Put the gun down, Hendrik.

President Mulaudzi	Listen to your daughter, Zondo. Or else, I really am going to tell those men to shoot you.

Hendrik	Listen, no one will come out of this plane alive. You hear me?

Sindi	Stop what you're doing. 

Hendrik	No one will come out alive.

Sindi	You'll kill my child. 

President Mulaudzi	My old comrade, the struggle really did break and damage the best of us. We all have scars. But killing your own daughter? Well, Sir...that's on you. Go ahead and kill her. You cannot even try to put that on me.

Hendrik	Listen, no one will come out of this plane alive. You hear me? No one will come out of here alive.

President Mulaudzi	South Africa has rules.

Sindi	You're such a bastard, Hendrik. 

Hendrik	South Africa? Which South Africa? The very same one with poor cabinet members? The country's economy is still governed by the whites! Is that the South Africa you're talking about? During elections, you seduce people with T-shirts and food! Is that the South Africa you're talking about?

Minister of Police	What are you doing, Hendrik?

Sindi	What are you doing, bastard? 

Hendrik	No one will leave here alive.

Sindi	What are you doing, dog?

Hendrik	I'll kill her. 

Sindi	What are you doing, bastard? You will die! I'll kill you, Hendrik!

Dineo	Dad.

Thabang	Yes, my girl?

Dineo	Please promise me...when you get to Heaven, you'll give me a sign that you're with me.

Thabang	Promise me.

Bridget	I will, I promise.

Thabang	Bridge.

Bridget	I'm here.

Thabang	Whoever marries Didi, please...make sure they pay 50 cows. Because I won't be around anymore.

Bridget	I can't believe you.

Thabang	You're here, running out of time yet giving us orders. Because I'm your father and if my wishes are not followed, I'll haunt you. You and your little boyfriend. I'll beat him to a pulp.

Bridget	Wow! I can't believe you. I promise you, my love. I'll make sure they pay 100 cows for our baby girl, okay?

Thabang	Didi's mother, my love.

Bridget	Thabang.

Thabang	I love you. I love you.

Bridget	I'll love you forever. Until we see each other again, my love. Goodbye.

Reporter	Good day, South Africa. A week has passed  since the dramatic events... His bravery is credited with defending democracy...after President Mulaudzi was kidnapped by a terrorist group calling themselves...Dogs of Soshanguve. The kidnapping turned out to be the work...of former and now late President Hendrik Zondo, the late Deputy President and  an MK Veteran known as Moses - the dog. Since their failed coup, and the death of the former President... and the arrest of the President's son, Junior Zondo and Moses, President Mulaudzi introduced sweeping changes in her cabinet, firing her Minister of Police, and promoting the Minister of Finance into the Deputy President. But today, the hero in everyone's eyes, Thabang Ranaka will be laid to rest, and President Mulaudzi is expected to deliver the keynote address at the funeral.

President Mulaudzi	The past week...has been very tough...and challenging to this country. Our country came under attack. You know, being in my position, there's something I must always stick to, and it's called protocol. You see, protocol will have you watching what you say, when and where. I think protocol is an enemy of the truth, really, so...I'm going to just speak the truth today, honestly. You see, this man lying here, this man... is a hero. This hero named Thabang Ranaka gave up his life for his country. He's no longer here. As you can see, he's gone. But we are here. My big question is who amongst us is going to fight to heal this country? You know, when we fought to liberate this country, we had visions and dreams. We had ideals and visions of what we'd hoped to achieve. My question is what do we think?Have the ideals that we fought for...during the struggle...been achieved? Is this democracy a better version...of the dreams we'd hoped to achieve during the liberation struggle? Sadly, the answer is no. I'll be the first to admit that this country, our government...has failed the nation. We have failed the people, although we've also improved lives. I believe you all know that progress...has been seen. And we've seen the results. But our failures... have been bigger than the progress I'm talking about. Black people...still remain poor. Our education system is in a pitiful state. As for our healthcare system, I don't even have words for it. I don't know where to start. There are no jobs. And economic freedom is nothing but a farce. The truth is that the majority of this country's wealth... remains in the hands of the minority. Did we really get the freedom we fought for? Have we fulfilled the dreams we've fought for, in the past? Mama Winnie once said... that we're in government. We're not in power. I can't bear... the fact that our women and children...are not safe in their own homes. Do I think...the ideal of...a better South Africa is dead? No. A better South Africa still exists. We must have hope and still believe in the ideal of a better South Africa. My challenge to you...is to grab weapons...and go to war. Let's fight even harder than we did during the apartheid government. Let's fight to fix our current South Africa. We can fix South Africa. We can make this country a better place for everyone. As we bid...my good friend farewell, I want to say...South Africa...is a good country. Let us all love and fight for it. Bring back Africa! Power!

Crowd	To the people!
