Sister Zhao	Then go ahead and tell us.

Fenqi	OK.

Fenqi	Before I believed in God, I was educated by the CCP,

Fenqi	and I thought of nothing but how to make something of myself

Fenqi	and bring honor to my family.

Fenqi	Later, I tested into graduate school, and then became a lawyer.

Fenqi	I always felt that I stood head and shoulders above others.

Fenqi	So, no matter where I went, I always tried to show off,

Fenqi	expecting others to see everything my way

Fenqi	and do things according to what I said.

Fenqi	Back then, I didn't realize this was a kind of arrogant disposition.

Fenqi	I felt I was actually a pretty great person.

Fenqi	After I began to believe in God,

Fenqi	through reading Almighty God's word, I finally recognized my own arrogant disposition

Fenqi	and saw that I not only had ambitions and desires,

Fenqi	but was also very self-important and self-righteous.

Fenqi	At times, when I spoke or did things, I didn't discuss them with anyone else,

Fenqi	and insisted on getting my own way.

Fenqi	Even though I gained some understanding of myself,

Fenqi	I felt that these weren't major problems.

Fenqi	I remember once in God's word I read,

Fenqi	"To have an unchanged disposition is to be in enmity to God,"

Fenqi	and "Those who are incompatible with Christ are surely opponents of God."

Fenqi	I considered the line, "To have an unchanged disposition is to be in enmity to God."

Fenqi	So, what about people of good humanity?

Fenqi	Or people who are obedient to God?

Fenqi	Do their dispositions still need to change?

Fenqi	Just what does a changed disposition mean?

Fenqi	I thought that we were believing in Christ, and Christ is a practical God,

Fenqi	so shouldn't believing in Christ mean obeying Christ?

Fenqi	So, obeying Christ means to be compatible with Christ.

Fenqi	Especially when I thought of how I had given up my career and left my family,

Fenqi	which was me choosing to expend for God,

Fenqi	I thought, wasn't this a sign of me believing in Christ and being compatible with Christ?

Fenqi	But at the time, I didn't know,

Fenqi	and I didn't understand that I had to achieve change in my life disposition to be compatible with Christ,

Fenqi	so I performed my duties purely out of enthusiasm.

Fenqi	I also didn't know what life entry was, and didn't know what dispositional change was.

Fenqi	You could say I had no life experience at all.

Fenqi	When did I finally come to gain some genuine understanding?

Fenqi	It was after I experienced very harsh pruning and dealing

Fenqi	that I reflected on myself

Fenqi	and saw that my own nature was actually very arrogant.

Fenqi	I did not know to seek the truth or focus on practicing God's word when things happened to me,

Fenqi	and I had no obedience to God at all.

Fenqi	You could say that, basically, I was not someone who was compatible with Christ.

Fenqi	After experiencing this pruning and dealing,

Fenqi	I finally gained a real appreciation of what God meant when He said,

Fenqi	"To have an unchanged disposition is to be in enmity to God."

Fenqi	Thanks be to God!

Fenqi	In 2014,

Fenqi	because I believed in God, I was persecuted by the CCP government and forced to flee abroad.

Fenqi	After I arrived abroad,

Fenqi	my brothers and sisters saw that I expended myself enthusiastically and was of good caliber,

Fenqi	so they selected me as church leader,

Fenqi	and often recommended me to participate in certain events and give media interviews.

Fenqi	But these things became my capital.

Fenqi	I was already arrogant,

Fenqi	and with this capital, I became impossibly arrogant.

Fenqi	I felt that the church couldn't function without me,

Fenqi	and that I was doing important work.

Fenqi	When my brothers and sisters wanted to discuss matters with me that I saw as too trifling,

Fenqi	I didn't want to bother with it and thought they were making a fuss over nothing.

Fenqi	If they persisted in asking me about it, I would get annoyed.

Fenqi	"Why are you asking me about such small things? Is this worth my time? Just deal with it yourself."

Fenqi	And if they asked further,

Fenqi	then, my tone immediately became interrogative and critical,

Fenqi	and I even lectured them as if I was superior.

Fenqi	Actually, when I treated my brothers and sisters like this, even I felt it was inappropriate.

Fenqi	I felt it was hurting them in some way.

Fenqi	But you have to realize

Fenqi	that living within that arrogant disposition, I had lost all humanity.

Fenqi	Even that shred of self-reproach vanished.

Fenqi	This was how I acted at work and in life.

Fenqi	In everything I did in the course of my duties,

Fenqi	I wanted to have the final say.

Fenqi	When I discussed things with my brothers and sisters

Fenqi	and I heard opinions or suggestions I didn't like,

Fenqi	I immediately rebuked them without thinking and belittled their opinions as if they were worthless.

Fenqi	I wanted everything to go exactly as I wanted.

Fenqi	I also rarely raised problems at work

Fenqi	with my co-workers for discussion and seeking

Fenqi	because I thought

Fenqi	after doing my duties for a period of time, I had gained enough experience

Fenqi	to be able to work things out by analyzing and studying them,

Fenqi	and that my co-workers weren't familiar with the work, so they didn't quite understand.

Fenqi	I thought, if I spoke to them,

Fenqi	they wouldn't be able to add anything, nor understand things better than me.

Fenqi	I thought going through

Fenqi	the process of discussion was simply a waste of time, that it was just going through the motions.

Fenqi	So I gradually stopped wanting to work with them.

Fenqi	When my superiors came to find out about my work, I also got very annoyed,

Fenqi	and I didn't want to accept other people's supervision or promptings.

Fenqi	At the time, I actually felt that my state wasn't right.

Fenqi	My brothers and sisters also warned me, saying,

Fenqi	"You're too arrogant and self-righteous, and you don't want to work with anyone.

Fenqi	You refuse to accept others' supervision and promptings in your duties and work,

Fenqi	and you don't want anyone interfering in your work."

Fenqi	These warnings and this help from my co-workers actually were a kind of pruning and dealing,

Fenqi	but I ignored them.

Fenqi	What I felt was, even though I was arrogant,

Fenqi	had not achieved much life entry, and had achieved no change,

Fenqi	I was still performing my duties,

Fenqi	so this wasn't a major problem.

Fenqi	I didn't take the help and warnings of my brothers and sisters seriously. I didn't think much of it.

Fenqi	I thought my arrogant disposition, or my satanic nature,

Fenqi	wasn't something I could change overnight.

Fenqi	So, I thought, this is a long-term process,

Fenqi	and that for the moment I should deal with my work and perform my duties well.

Fenqi	But, when we live within an arrogant disposition, it doesn't mean we feel nothing.

Fenqi	My heart felt very empty at the time.

Fenqi	Sometimes, after I finished a task, I would reflect

Fenqi	and ask myself, “While I am doing it or after it is finished,

Fenqi	what truths have I gained? Which principles have I gained entry into?

Fenqi	Has my life disposition changed in some way?”

Fenqi	But I never accomplished anything.

Fenqi	Why was that?

Fenqi	Because every day I was scrambling and exhausting myself to finish my work,

Fenqi	and whenever I had too much to do, I became full of frustration and anger.

Fenqi	It was as if a single thing could spark me into becoming totally unable to control myself.

Fenqi	When I prayed to God, I was simply going through the motions. I had nothing to say to God from the heart.

Fenqi	Neither did I get any illumination or enlightenment from eating and drinking God's words.

Fenqi	At the time I felt very empty and very anxious.

Fenqi	I felt that the more I performed my duties, the further I was from God, and I couldn't feel God in my heart.

Fenqi	I was afraid of being abandoned by God.

Fenqi	So, I urgently went before God and prayed:

Fenqi	"God! I am unable to save myself,

Fenqi	and I can't control myself,

Fenqi	so I ask You to save me."

Fenqi	Not long after, sudden pruning and dealing came to me.

Fenqi	Once, when the brother from the above inquired about my work,

Fenqi	he discovered a problem in how I had handled the spending of church money.

Fenqi	He found that when I had decided how to spend this money,

Fenqi	I hadn't discussed it with my co-workers or the decision group.

Fenqi	He said to me,

Fenqi	"This is a matter of church expenses,

Fenqi	why didn't you discuss it with your co-workers or the decision group?

Fenqi	Is this the kind of decision you can make on your own?"

Fenqi	I felt there wasn't anything I could say in answer to his question.

Fenqi	At the time, I really didn't know how to answer the brother.

Fenqi	Why?

Fenqi	I didn't know why at all, because I'd really never thought about it.

Fenqi	After that, I started to think back.

Fenqi	During that period, because I was living within my arrogant nature,

Fenqi	I didn't have any normal sense at all,

Fenqi	I didn't know that my duties were God's commission to me,

Fenqi	and that I should have performed them according to principles and sought the truth.

Fenqi	I didn't know that I should have discussed and decided things

Fenqi	together with my co-workers and the decision group.

Fenqi	I lacked that sense because I lived within my arrogant disposition.

Fenqi	And I wasn't even aware of it at all.

Fenqi	I even thought

Fenqi	this was something I understood, and that I didn't need to seek or look into it.

Fenqi	The brother dealt with me by saying,

Fenqi	"You are arrogant and self-righteous, and you lack any sense.

Fenqi	These offerings were given to God by His chosen people, and they should have been spent reasonably according to principle.

Fenqi	Now the offerings have been squandered, so we have to assign responsibility according to principle."

Fenqi	I didn't say anything back to him, but inside, I still felt I was right.

Fenqi	I hadn't stolen the offerings,

Fenqi	I had spent them in the course of doing church work,

Fenqi	so why should I bear any responsibility?

Fenqi	After that, our superior leaders came to the church to meet with us,

Fenqi	and they fellowshiped and analyzed my problem using God's words.

Fenqi	At the time, I also used God's words to explain my understanding of myself,

Fenqi	but in my heart, I knew that I was using this fellowship on God's word

Fenqi	simply to let out the defiance, dissatisfaction, and lack of understanding

Fenqi	that had built up in my heart.

Fenqi	I felt that I worked hard despite not receiving any recognition.

Fenqi	My leaders saw that I had no genuine understanding of my own nature,

Fenqi	so after seeking the agreement of my brothers and sisters,

Fenqi	they immediately dismissed me from my position as church leader.

Fenqi	I didn't actually feel much regret at that moment.

Fenqi	But after that, the leaders started going over the details of every expense,

Fenqi	and during that process,

Fenqi	I finally realized that there really were some problems.

Fenqi	As the losses piled up and the amount grew,

Fenqi	it passed beyond what I could afford to pay,

Fenqi	and I began to feel afraid.

Fenqi	I began to think back on my decisions to spend that money

Fenqi	and my dismissive, disregarding attitude,

Fenqi	and I genuinely began to feel regret, and loathe myself.

Fenqi	I never imagined that relying on my own satanic nature in my duties

Fenqi	could cause such losses to the church.

Fenqi	Faced with the facts, I couldn't help but lower my head, which I had so proudly held high,

Fenqi	I wanted nothing more than to slap my own face.

Fenqi	I was in disbelief that these were actually things I had done.

Fenqi	After that, I listened to the brother give fellowship.

Fenqi	I'll read you the notes I took at the time.

Fenqi	"Today, there are some leaders and workers who have believed in God for 10 or 20 years,

Fenqi	but why don't they practice even a little truth, and instead do things according to their own will?

Fenqi	Don't they realize that their notions and imaginings are not the truth?

Fenqi	Why can't they seek the truth?

Fenqi	They tirelessly expend themselves, performing their duties from dawn till dusk with no fear of hard work or exhaustion,

Fenqi	yet why do they still lack principles after so many years of believing in God?

Fenqi	They perform their duties according to their own ideas, doing whatever they want.

Fenqi	I am sometimes shocked when I see what they do.

Fenqi	They usually appear to be quite good. They are not evildoers, and they speak well.

Fenqi	It's hard to imagine they are capable of such ridiculous things.

Fenqi	In such important matters, why don't they seek or ask for advice? Why do they insist on getting their own way

Fenqi	and having the final say in things?

Fenqi	What is this but a satanic disposition?

Fenqi	When I handle important things, I often speak with God, and seek and ask Him for help.

Fenqi	Sometimes God says things that are at odds with my imaginings,

Fenqi	but I have to obey and do things God's way.

Fenqi	In important matters, I don't dare act on my own ideas. What would happen if I made a mistake?

Fenqi	Best let God determine things.

Fenqi	This basic level of reverence for God is something all leaders and workers should possess.

Fenqi	But I've discovered that some leaders and workers are very impertinent.

Fenqi	They demand to have their way in all things. What is the problem here?

Fenqi	It truly is dangerous when our dispositions haven't changed. …

Fenqi	Why does God's house establish decision groups?

Fenqi	A decision group is simply several people who discuss, investigate, and decide a matter together

Fenqi	to avoid any major mistakes or losses.

Fenqi	But some people circumvent decision groups and do things their own way.

Fenqi	Aren't they Satan the devil?

Fenqi	Anyone who bypasses decision groups and does things their own way

Fenqi	is Satan the devil.

Fenqi	No matter what level of leader they are,

Fenqi	if they bypass decision groups, do not submit plans for approval, and act on their own,

Fenqi	then they are Satan the devil, and must be eliminated and expelled."

Fenqi	Excerpted from Sermons and Fellowship on Entry Into Life

Fenqi	Each word of the brother's fellowship pierced my heart.

Fenqi	Maybe some brothers and sisters don't know the background to these issues,

Fenqi	but I knew that every word of what he said was talking about me,

Fenqi	and he completely laid my condition bare.

Fenqi	When I heard the brother say

Fenqi	that people like this are Satan the devil who must be eliminated and expelled,

Fenqi	I felt suddenly stunned.

Fenqi	I felt as if I had just been sentenced to death.

Fenqi	I thought, “I'm finished. Now I will never be fully saved,

Fenqi	this is the end of my life of believing in God—my belief in God is over.”

Fenqi	At the time, I was terribly afraid.

Fenqi	I had always felt that God took very good care of me.

Fenqi	I had a good education and job,

Fenqi	the duties I performed in God's house were very important,

Fenqi	and my brothers and sisters looked up to me,

Fenqi	so I always viewed myself as someone very special to God.

Fenqi	I thought I was the key person to be trained in God's house.

Fenqi	I never imagined I would be loathed and eliminated by God because I had offended God's disposition.

Fenqi	From that moment, I began to feel

Fenqi	that God's disposition is righteous and brooks no offense,

Fenqi	that God's house is ruled by truth and righteousness, and that it never allows anyone to engage in misconduct.

Fenqi	In the church, we should perform our duties according to principle and seek the truth,

Fenqi	not simply do whatever we want or act however we like.

Fenqi	I thought that, since I had caused a disaster

Fenqi	and carelessly spent the church's offerings, I had offended God's disposition,

Fenqi	and no one could save me.

Fenqi	I had only to wait to be eliminated by God's house.

Fenqi	In the days that followed,

Fenqi	each morning when I opened my eyes, I felt a moment of terror,

Fenqi	and I became so dispirited I didn't even have the strength to get out of bed.

Fenqi	I felt that I didn't know where I would be next,

Fenqi	that the mistake I had made was too great, and that no one could save me.

Fenqi	I could only go before God, pray to God, and tell Him what was in my heart.

Fenqi	I said to God,

Fenqi	"God, I was wrong.

Fenqi	I never thought things would end this way.

Fenqi	In the past I didn't know You, and I did not revere You in my heart.

Fenqi	In Your presence I was arrogant and self-righteous, I engaged in misconduct, and was completely without sense,

Fenqi	and so today I am undergoing this pruning, dealing, chastisement, and judgment.

Fenqi	I see Your righteous disposition.

Fenqi	I wish to obey and learn lessons from this situation.

Fenqi	I beg You, God, not to leave me, because I cannot be without You."

Fenqi	In the days that followed, I continued to pray like this.

Fenqi	One morning, I heard a hymn of God's words.

Fenqi	I'll read it for you now.

Fenqi	"You must have this kind of understanding whenever something occurs:

Fenqi	No matter what happens,

Fenqi	it is all a part of my achieving my goal,

Fenqi	and it is God's doing.

Fenqi	There is weakness in me, but I will not be negative.

Fenqi	I thank God for the love He bestows upon me and for arranging such an environment for me.

Fenqi	I must not abandon my desire and my resolution;

Fenqi	giving up would be tantamount to making a compromise with Satan,

Fenqi	antamount to self-destruction, and tantamount to betraying God.'

Fenqi	This is the kind of mindset you must have.

Fenqi	No matter what others say or how they act,

Fenqi	and no matter how God treats you, your determination must not waver" (Follow the Lamb and Sing New Songs).

Fenqi	Amen!

Fenqi	When I heard this hymn of God's words,

Fenqi	I felt I had found a hope of saving myself.

Fenqi	I sang it over and over,

Fenqi	and the more I sang, the more strength I felt surging up in my heart.

Fenqi	I realized that I was exposed, pruned, and dealt with this way

Fenqi	because God wanted me to know myself so that I could repent and change,

Fenqi	not because God wanted to expel and eliminate me.

Fenqi	But I didn't know God, I misunderstood God, and guarded myself against God,

Fenqi	and so I lived in a negative state of total despair

Fenqi	because I thought God didn't want me.

Fenqi	But that day I saw God's word

Fenqi	and realized God's will was not as I had imagined at all.

Fenqi	God knew my spiritual stature was too immature,

Fenqi	and He knew I would become negative and weak in these circumstances,

Fenqi	and even give up my determination to seek the truth.

Fenqi	And so God used His words to console and encourage me

Fenqi	and make me realize

Fenqi	that people always need to pursue the truth, no matter the circumstance.

Sister Zhao/Sister Li/Sister Wang	Amen!

Fenqi	When people fail and fall, or when we are pruned and dealt with,

Fenqi	these are all necessary steps in the process of being fully saved.

Brother Yan/Sister Wang/Congregation	Amen!

Fenqi	As long as we can reflect and come to know ourselves, and can repent and change,

Fenqi	then after we experience these steps, we experience growth in life.

Fenqi	Once I understood this,

Fenqi	I felt that I no longer misunderstood God as much, and that I wasn't as guarded against God.

Fenqi	I felt that no matter what God plans and arranges,

Fenqi	it is surely all beneficial to me, and that God was taking responsibility for my life.

Sister Li	Yes.

Fenqi	So, I plucked up my courage

Fenqi	and prepared to face whatever would happen next.

Fenqi	Of course, I also calmed myself and reflected again.

Fenqi	Why had I failed and fallen so badly?

Fenqi	What was the root of my failure?

Fenqi	Only after I read God's word did I finally understand.

Fenqi	God's word says,

Fenqi	"If you really possess the truth within you, the path you walk will naturally be the correct path.

Fenqi	Without the truth, it is easy to do evil, and you will do it despite yourself.

Fenqi	For example, if you had arrogance and conceit,

Fenqi	you would find it impossible to keep from defying God; you would feel compelled to defy Him.

Fenqi	You would not do it on purpose; you would do it under the domination of your arrogant and conceited nature.

Fenqi	Your arrogance and conceit would make you look down on God

Fenqi	and see Him as being of no account;

Fenqi	they would cause you to exalt yourself,

Fenqi	constantly put yourself on display,

Fenqi	and, finally, sit in God's place and bear testimony for yourself.

Fenqi	In the end, you would turn your own ideas, your own thinking, and your own notions

Fenqi	into truths to be worshiped.

Fenqi	See how much evil is done by people under the dominance of their arrogant and conceited nature!"

Fenqi	Excerpted from Records of Christ's Talks

Fenqi	In the past, I admitted my own arrogance theoretically,

Fenqi	but I had no genuine understanding of my own nature,

Fenqi	so I still admired myself, living within my own notions and imaginings.

Fenqi	I felt that I was arrogant because I was qualified to be,

Fenqi	which is why, when my brothers and sisters tried to prune, deal with, and help me, I ignored it.

Fenqi	I completely disregarded it.

Fenqi	But when I read God's word, I finally understood

Fenqi	that my arrogant, conceited nature was the root of my rebelliousness and resistance to God.

Fenqi	It was a classic satanic disposition.

Fenqi	When people live within such an arrogant, conceited nature,

Fenqi	doing evil and resisting God become involuntary.

Fenqi	I thought back about how I had always thought very highly of myself since I started performing the duty of a church leader.

Fenqi	I thought I could do anything, that I was better than everyone,

Fenqi	and I wanted to have my way in everything.

Fenqi	Not only that, but I wanted to take over and lead the work of my whole group

Fenqi	and make my brothers and sisters do what I wanted.

Fenqi	I never thought

Fenqi	about whether my thoughts and decisions were right, or whether they were biased,

Fenqi	or whether they would cause loss to the church work

Fenqi	until I heard that brother

Fenqi	say that when things happened to him, he would ask God,

Fenqi	because he was afraid of doing the wrong thing,

Fenqi	and that he would only act after receiving a clear answer from God.

Fenqi	The brother from the above is someone who possesses the truth,

Fenqi	who has a God-fearing heart and does things according to principle.

Fenqi	Yet he still doesn't dare entirely trust himself.

Fenqi	When things happen to him, he asks God and allows God to decide.

Fenqi	A church leader, more than anyone, needs to seek truth in all things.

Fenqi	But I didn't seek God or have a God-fearing heart at all.

Fenqi	Whenever things happened to me, I relied on my notions and imaginings to direct me

Fenqi	and treated my own ideas as the truth.

Fenqi	I considered myself high and important.

Fenqi	Isn't that a classic satanic disposition?

Fenqi	I was just like the archangel who wanted to sit equal with God.

Fenqi	And that was something that severely offended God's disposition!

Fenqi	Once I finally understood these things,

Fenqi	I felt that my arrogant, conceited nature was terrifying.

Fenqi	It made me live without sense,

Fenqi	made me do many things that harmed people and offended God,

Fenqi	and it made me live like a monster.

Fenqi	But God is righteous.

Fenqi	How could God allow someone like me, so full of satanic dispositions, to run amok

Fenqi	and disrupt the work of God's house?

Fenqi	So, I deserved to be dismissed from my leadership duty,

Fenqi	I had done this to myself.

Fenqi	I realized that in all the years I'd believed in God,

Fenqi	I'd relied on my gifts, and my notions and imaginings to do my work, and had rarely sought the truth.

Fenqi	So after all that time, I now had almost no reality of the truth,

Fenqi	and actually I was spiritually impoverished and to be pitied.

Fenqi	I thought, why can't I seek the truth?

Fenqi	Why do I always think my own ideas and judgments are right?

Fenqi	This actually proved that I had no place for God in my heart at all,

Fenqi	much less did I have a God-fearing heart.

Fenqi	That I was exposed by God in my duty today

Fenqi	was actually God's reminder and warning for me,

Fenqi	and if I didn't turn around,

Fenqi	my end would be to be eliminated and sent to hell.

Fenqi	Once I understood these things,

Fenqi	 felt that God's judgment, chastisement, pruning, and dealing

Fenqi	is actually God's love and protection for people

Fenqi	and God's good intentions are behind it all.

Brother Yan/Brother Wu/Congregation	Amen!

Sister Li	Thanks be to God!

Fenqi	God judges and chastises people not because He hates them,

Fenqi	but to save them from Satan's influence and their satanic dispositions.

Fenqi	And once I understood this,

Fenqi	I felt like I had fewer misunderstandings of God and was less guarded against God.

Fenqi	I also felt that no matter what circumstances God arranged for me in the days to come,

Fenqi	God's sovereignty and arrangements would be behind it all, and I wished to obey them.

Fenqi	Thanks be to God!

Fenqi	My duties had some follow-up work I needed to complete,

Fenqi	and I felt that this was God giving me a chance to repent,

Fenqi	so I felt I had to perform this final duty well.

Fenqi	After that, in the course of my duties,

Fenqi	when I discussed my work with my brothers and sisters,

Fenqi	I no longer dared to rely on my arrogant disposition

Fenqi	thinking myself right and making everyone else listen to me.

Fenqi	Instead, I allowed my brothers and sisters to express their opinions

Fenqi	and finally decided what to do by weighing up everyone's ideas.

Fenqi	Of course, when our views differed,

Fenqi	I could still be arrogant and self-righteous, hold to my own views,

Fenqi	and be unwilling to accept the opinions and advice of others.

Fenqi	But I would remember how I had failed, fallen, and been pruned and dealt with,

Fenqi	and I would feel afraid,

Fenqi	and then I would go before God to pray.

Fenqi	I would consciously forsake myself,

Fenqi	after which I sought the truth and principles with a heart that feared God

Fenqi	along with my brothers and sisters.

Fenqi	I felt very secure performing my duties this way,

Fenqi	and my decisions could stand up to scrutiny.

Fenqi	And when I was partnered with my brothers and sisters,

Fenqi	I realized that some of my ideas were actually one-sided.

Fenqi	Fellowshiping with my brothers and sisters, and then delving into things,

Fenqi	at least to me,

Fenqi	in matters of the truth, of principle, and of insight,

Fenqi	was exceptionally helpful.

Fenqi	Especially when I saw how when things happened to my brothers and sisters,

Fenqi	they would pray to God, seek, and fellowship,

Fenqi	and they didn't trust themselves lightly,

Fenqi	I wondered why I didn't seek the truth and so easily trusted myself.

Fenqi	I saw that my arrogance and conceitedness made me capable of anything.

Fenqi	I was so deeply corrupted by Satan

Fenqi	and was no better than my brothers and sisters.

Fenqi	It was only after that that I realized

Fenqi	I may have had a little more knowledge than my brothers and sisters,

Fenqi	but deep in my spirit, I couldn't even compare to them.

Fenqi	I had less of a God-fearing heart than they did.

Fenqi	In this, my brothers and sisters were far beyond me.

Fenqi	And when I saw that,

Fenqi	I realized that each of my brothers and sisters had particular strengths,

Fenqi	which was different from how I saw my brothers and sisters in the past.

Fenqi	I felt that my brothers and sisters were in fact better than me, and I had nothing to be arrogant about,

Fenqi	so I began to keep my head down,

Fenqi	and I was able to get along with my brothers and sisters and work well with them.

Fenqi	When I was finished with the follow-up work,

Fenqi	I waited calmly for the church's decision on how to handle me.

Fenqi	I never expected

Fenqi	that the brother would tell me

Fenqi	that he had seen I was still able to carry on with things and perform my duties after being pruned and dealt with,

Fenqi	and had gained some understanding of myself,

Fenqi	and so he said I would be allowed to continue my duties.

Brother Yan/Brother Wu/Sister Wang	Amen!

Fenqi	He also pointed out some problems in the performance of my duties.

Fenqi	When I heard the brother say I would be allowed to continue my duties,

Fenqi	at that moment,

Fenqi	there wasn't anything I could say but thanks be to God.

Sister He	Thanks be to God!

Fenqi	I felt that after experiencing this, after going through being exposed,

Fenqi	after experiencing such pruning and dealing that cut straight to the bone,

Fenqi	I finally had some understanding of my satanic nature.

Fenqi	But the price was very high.

Fenqi	Because I had relied on my corrupt satanic disposition in my duties,

Fenqi	I had caused losses to the church,

Fenqi	and according to principles, I should have been punished.

Fenqi	But God didn't treat me according to my transgressions,

Fenqi	but instead gave me the chance to continue my duties.

Sister Wang/Sister Li	Thanks be to God! (Amen!)

Fenqi	I personally experienced God's incredible mercy and tolerance!

Fenqi	Each time I think back on this experience,

Fenqi	I feel regret for the losses I caused to the church

Fenqi	because of relying on my satanic nature in my duties.

Fenqi	I also completely agree with God's words, "To have an unchanged disposition

Fenqi	is to be in enmity to God."

Sister Zhao/Sister Li/Brother Yan	Amen! (Thanks be to God!)

Fenqi	But, even more, I feel

Fenqi	that God's chastisement, judgment, pruning, and dealing

Fenqi	are God's greatest protection and most sincere love for corrupt mankind!

Sister Li/Sister Wang/Sister He/Brother Yan/	Congregation	Amen! Thanks be to God!

Fenqi	Thanks be to God!
