(INTRIGO)
(SAMARIA)





NARRATOR	The people of the world are more or less the same. Though we may come in different shapes and colors, we all share the same inheritance, and we all have our back stories, and our secrets. Like this man, running along the river Scheldt in Antwerp, what is he running from? What is he trying to escape? Even though evolution might seem to mature us, there are still parts of our brain that belong to our reptile ancestors. Although we've convinced ourselves that hate, revenge, and nemesis belong to the past, our ancient ancestor's blood still runs in our veins, whether we like it or not.
 
CLIENT	Feels like a bloody good campaign. As usual, you'd have to say.

JOHN	After holiday, we'll get started on images. I'll mail over a few suggestions for photographers.

CLIENT	Excellent. Have a great holiday and we'll be in touch.

HENRY	Thank you, guys.

CLIENT	Bye-bye.

HENRY	Thank you.
 
JOHN	You're a genius Henry, you know that?

HENRY	Well, I don't know about that. I thought we already discussed... your raises. Five more days, guys, can't wait.

ELIZA	Until the holidays, you mean.

HENRY	Yeah.

MAN	John, we're waiting... for you.

JOHN	Damn it. I love being at work.

MAN	Come on.

ELIZA	So what are your plans?

HENRY	For the holiday? We've rented a small house in Cote d'Azur. We're gonna down there, do lots of long walks on the beach, piles of books, lots of good, that's what I think.

ELIZA	Sounds decent.

HENRY	Well...

ELIZA	In case you wondered, we'll be damp proofing the basement . Consider that when you complain about sand in your swimming trunks.

PAULA	Hi, Henry.

HENRY	Hey, Paula.

PAULA	Yeah.

HENRY	How are you? Paula... Polans--Polanski.

PAULA	Polanski.

HENRY	Yeah, how are you?

PAULA	I'm good.

HENRY	Wow. It's gotta be 10 years since then.

PAULA	Uh, almost exactly. Yeah.

HENRY	Wow.

PAULA	Do you live, uh, here in Maardam.

HENRY	No, I live in Antwerp... now. I'm just here on a couple of days work.

PAULA	Oh.

HENRY	So, Film Academy?

PAULA	Yeah. Mainly because I didn't know what else to do with myself, but, uh, I got in for whatever reason.

HENRY	Well, to make documentaries, which is... what you're doing now, isn't it? I think I've seen one of them on ARTE.

PAULA	Uh, Roman beggars.

HENRY	Roman, that's it.

PAULA	Won an award.

HENRY	Did it?

PAULA	Yeah.

HENRY	Good for you. That's great.

PAULA	Thanks. Thanks.

HENRY	Well done. I haven't actually been back to Kaalbringen since I've--well, I stopped being a teacher. Wasn't really my thing. So...

PAULA	Yeah. I know.

HENRY	Yeah.

PAULA	You work for one of those big, uh, advertising agencies.

HENRY	That's, that's right. How do you...

PAULA	The reunion. Oh, you're on the mailing list.

HENRY	Oh, right. The reunion. How was that?

PAULA	Almost everyone was there... except you.

HENRY	Yeah. All right. Yeah. I don't know why that was. I meant to come.

PAULA	Yeah. Sure. Don't worry. You weren't the only teacher that didn't show up.

HENRY	Okay. Cool. An actual fact, I was just a substitute teacher, not an actual teacher, so...

PAULA	Yeah.

HENRY	I don't--this is me. Nice seeing you.

PAULA	And you.

HENRY	I'm just staying at the Metropole. So...

PAULA	Okay.

HENRY	You live here in, in Maardam?

PAULA	Yeah. In Wassingen, it's a dreadful, dreadful place. But I probably have to win an Academy Award to get some advantage, though. Anyway...

HENRY	Well, listen, it's been nice seeing you.

PAULA	Yeah, you, too.

HENRY	Bye.

PAULA	Bye. Yeah, mainly because I didn't know what else to do with myself, but, uh, I got in for whatever reason.

HENRY	Well, to make documentaries, which is what you're doing now, isn't it?
 
GUARD	As far as I know, he's never had... a visitor. You're the first. What's this for?

PAULA	It's a--it's a hardrive just to store the footage.

GUARD	Well, hmm, it's all beyond me, anyway. If you ask me, Jacob Kall is a sick bastard. He's been in here 10 years. He'll end his days in here. He'll never be released.

PAULA	It's a battery.

GUARD	Yeah. I'll be outside that door. For your sake, just so you know. He sometimes gets it into this head to be... violent.

PAULA	Yeah, yeah, I know. We never met, you and I, but I was in the same class as your daughter, Vera. You know, she never... talked about you or her life on the farm in Samaria. Always cycled... home and we went out drinking. We never really understood why, well, she never talked about it, but, um, she was so important to me. Well, not just to me, to all of us. We had a reunion a couple of weeks ago. Almost everyone was there. And it was really hard to avoid talking about... your daughter, your only daughter, even. Could you tell me a bit about your relationship with her? What was she like as a kid? Was she happy? At the reunion, we talked a lot about how me missed having a grave to visit and how you're probably the only person who knows where she's buried. That's if you even bothered to bury her?

JACOB	Only God knows where Vera is.

PAULA	Can I ask you what you believe?

JACOB	I believe in God and His will.

PAULA	Okay. I don't understand. Are you saying that Vera's death was God's will? Even though... you never made a confession, and her body was... never found, you were found guilty and banged up for life. Do you maintain your innocence? Do you also claim to be innocent of the accusations that you repeatedly... mistreated her as a child? Injuries that were documented by the school nurse. The accident and emergency department at Kaalbringen. Although neither Vera nor your wife dared to speak out about it.

JACOB	Paula, I think you're looking for some sort of guilt. The guilt laid on my shoulders is of this world. But I'll tell you what, this world doesn't belong to me. What human being has the right to kill another person? We are all just simple instruments of a greater will.

PAULA	So you claim your innocence. So who did kill her?

JACOB	I sit here, most likely knocked up for the rest of my life. And it was probably meant to be. Sorry. It's meant to be. You see, I can get so much more work done in here. There are people in here who are willing to listen. So many lost souls... finally have a safe haven. The question is rather if you, Paula Polanski, can understand this.

PAULA	I've been thinking about where you must have buried her. I know the police did some digging and searched with dogs. But down by the river, there's this little piece of land. And I'm thinking maybe that's where they should have looked? Or on the other side? In the forest? Yeah? I'm thinking she must have been heavy. Dead body weighs a ton. Maybe you used your tractor? Though you would've had to dug deep because you wouldn't want a fox to dig her up.

JACOB	I've never quite grasped why all you little people need to know everything. It's the human weakness to be obsessed with "the truth". As if it were up to us. As if the truth even existed.
 
 
GUARD	Already done?

PAULA	Yeah. Didn't get very far.

GUARD	Right. Let's get going, Jacob. I'll just take him through the security gate. If you wait here, I'll see you out after that.

PAULA	Thanks.

JACOB	That question... you never asked. No, I didn't kill Vera.
 
HENRY	Yeah, I've just finished. Just, just on my way to that meeting. Yeah, I know. I just wanna--I promise. Just--I hear you. I promise I will. I'll probably be on the 7:00 train anyways. Now, don't be silly. I'll just get a taxi. All right. I love you.
 
 
 
PAULA	It was the first... time we'd all been together since then. So--but it, it was like everyone needed to talk about Vera. Though... unfinished, somehow. I mean, really, we (Sighs) could have done with a... grave visit.

HENRY	It was a strange time. It was-- life got too serious much too soon, it felt. More so for you than for me.

PAULA	Yeah. Yeah.

DORIS	Sorry. Uh, care for another?

PAULA	Um, yeah, yeah, thanks.

HENRY	Not for me. Thank you.

DORIS	Okay.

PAULA	So...

HENRY	Hmm?

PAULA	Apart from that, what's happening? Shacked up?

HENRY	Married? No. (Laughs) I'm living with someone, Clara, in Antwerp. She's, she's great.

PAULA	Ooh. Found these the other day.

HENRY	Oh, no.

PAULA	Ring any bells?

HENRY	Dear, oh, dear. Where have you got this? That's a long time ago. I remember that. Oh, this is the, uh, the graduation party at, uh, the, um...

PAULA	Limburg Rooms.

HENRY	The Limburg Rooms, that's right. Goodness me. You are walking around that night with your fantastic old camera as always.

PAULA	Yeah. Nikon.

DORIS	All right.

PAULA	aOh, thank you. Thank you.

HENRY	Thanks.

PAULA	I used to develop my own pictures as well.

HENRY	Right.

PAULA	Was the worst kind of nerd, even then. Here you are. Schoolmaster Maertens.

HENRY	A tie? What on Earth was I...

HENRY	thinking?

PAULA	Here's me with, um, with Sebastian.

HENRY	Oh, look at that. You haven't changed. I mean...

PAULA	Oh, thanks. And here she is. Vera Kall.
 
HENRY	Oh. What was her father called?

PAULA	Jacob.

HENRY	Jacob.

PAULA	He's locked up in Bittinger.

HENRY	Yeah.

PAULA	Serving life sentence. Maintains his innocence. Actually, I met him yesterday.

HENRY	Met him? That Jacob Kall?

PAULA	Yeah. I, I interviewed him. I'm gonna make a film. Tell the story, story of Vera. I think she's worth that much. I'd really like you to be in it. Henry, I...

HENRY	I was a substitute teacher for... one term, all right? I have to get my train. I'm sorry.

PAULA	But you were an important person to all of us. And the film is not gonna be about you. I've already spoken to Beatrice Motte, I'm gonna speak to Commissioner Keller, and I'll speak to Jacob Kall again if I have to. Although, I'd, I'd, I'd rather not. A girl in your class... was murdered. I'm really surprised you don't seem to care.

HENRY	I don't wanna be in your film. I'm sorry.

PAULA	What, because you think it's a bad idea?

HENRY	It will open up a lot of old wounds... and it will upset a lot of people. I do believe that. I think it's better to just let things lie.

PAULA	Okay. I know that.

HENRY	Good.

PAULA	But...  I am gonna make this film.

HENRY	You'll have to do it without me. I'm sorry.
 
IRMA	Yes, I rented out... the upper floor because it was rather difficult managing my... own finances after my husband passed away. God bless him. He was... useless in most ways, but there were certain things... I'd still come to depend on him for.

PAULA	Sorry. Um... I'm gonna take this actually. Sorry. Hello.

HENRY	Paula.

HENRY	Hi. It's, it's Henry Maertens. Am I calling at a bad time?

PAULA	No, no, no, no. Not at all.

HENRY	Great. I, I was thinking maybe I'll take a trip to Kaalbringen... after all.

PAULA	Yeah?

HENRY	Yes, well, I was thinking about what you said. And, uh, maybe I could be of some help.

PAULA
Great.

HENRY	Is the Hotel... Continental still there, do you know?

PAULA	Uh, uh, I think so, but, um, you could stay with me. I've, I've borrowed my... parents' summerhouse by the river.

HENRY	No, no, I don't--I, um...

PAULA	There's plenty of space. And you can tell... Clara that I'm gay, so, so no problem there.

HENRY	Um...

PAULA	Let's just leave it at that.

HENRY	Let me find The Continental, see if they have a room.

PAULA	Ah, okay, I'm just about to drive through a tunnel.

IRMA	Oh.

HENRY	Pau...

PAULA	Sorry. Okay. Uh, where were we? Um, were there lots of, uh, visitors or... friends dropping in?

IRMA	Well, I don't know. I, I can't really remember. It was a long time ago.
 
HENRY	Wow. It's gotta be 10 years since then.

PAULA	Almost exactly.

HENRY	An actual fact, I was just a substitute... teacher, not an actual teacher.

PAULA	Yeah. I know.

HENRY	Hi. I'm looking for Mr. Kruggel. I'm Henry Maertens, the substitute teacher.

SUSANNE	Oh. I'm Susanne. Come in. Dad's waiting for you.

HENRY	Thanks.

KRUGGEL	(Breathes heavily) Can't imagine he'll ever improve. Always late. Always. Uh, Emil Bachmann. An idiot.

HENRY	Okay. Uh, Paula Polanski. She did very well in her, uh, in her standard test. Paula Polanski? I don't know, I, I haven't actually met any of the students yet.

KRUGGEL	Ah, the mousey one. Yes.

HENRY	We're nearly finished. I promise. Um, Niels Buhltoft?

KRUGGEL	Uh, another fish nor fowl. Uh, unless he does something out of the ordinary in his special assignment on literature.
 
SUSANNE	Um, can I offer you a coffee or something?

HENRY	Um, no, do you know what? I think... I'm good. I think I should probably go.

SUSANNE	Okay.

HENRY	Thanks so much for your help. I, uh, I have an appointment with the, uh, the headmaster in 20 minutes. So... Hey.

PAULA	Hi.

HENRY	You all right?

PAULA	Yeah, good. Welcome.

HENRY	Thank you. Good to see you.

PAULA	Yeah, yeah, you too. I, I was surprised... when you called because when we met in Maardam, you sounded—

HENRY	Yeah.

PAULA	--very negative.

HENRY	Yeah, sorry, about that. Yeah, I managed to get a couple of days free. Clara's, uh, she'd step in the work... this week. She's a doctor, yup, cardiologist.

PAULA	Did I tell you about Vera's mother?

HENRY	No.

PAULA	Well, she, she died a couple of months ago.

HENRY	Oh.

PAULA	When Vera's father was convicted, she left. She just walked out of that house, never went back. Moved in with her sister apparently.

HENRY	Uh-hmm.
 
PAULA	Samaria.

HENRY	What?

PAULA	It's the name of the farm where Vera grew up.

HENRY	Ah, yeah.

PAULA	Sounds so beautiful.

HENRY	Samaria? Yeah. Yeah, I suppose it does, like something... out of a fairytale, almost.

PAULA	A little like Vera herself.

HENRY	Hmm, yeah, maybe. Bit hung-over today, guys? No pleasure without pain, isn't it? All right?

PIETER	You don't know what's happened, do you?

HENRY	What?

PIETER	Vera. Vera Kall. She never came home last night.

HENRY	Oh.

PIETER	Her mother report her missing to the police.

HENRY	Well, I'm sure she's fine. I'm sure she probably just stayed over with a friend last night. Okay? She'll be fine. Hey.

WAITER	Hey.

HENRY	Can I get a double espresso, please?

WAITER	Of course. Coming up.

ERICH	This is not only about Vera and her family, it is about all of us... at City College. So I'd like to remind you that all information, anything you saw at the Limburg Rooms could be vitally important. You may think some item of information is of no use at all, but it could prove to be exactly that little missing piece of the puzzle, that will bring clarity to the circumstances surrounding Vera's disappearance. So don't hesitate. If for some reason you don't want to talk to the police directly, we are here. You can turn to any member of staff. Or to me, of course.
 
HENRY	Wow.

HENRY	It's great.

PAULA	Yeah. Yeah, it's nice, isn't it? So I've, um, I've given you the room... that overlooks the river.

HENRY	Okay. Sounds very flash.

PAULA	And I've, uh, I've moved myself into the box room.

HENRY
Ah.

PAULA	So how long can you stay?

HENRY	Couple of days, if not, more.

PAULA	Cool.
 
HENRY	How are you planning on making this film?

PAULA	Well, when you're making a documentary, you don't really know where it's gonna end, but I'm trying to meet everyone who knew her, interview them, and see if I can build up a picture of her.

HENRY	With all the plans to visit the grave, or whatever it is we're calling it.

PAULA	Yeah, that might have been part of my plan, but having met Jacob Kall, I'd say that's a little too much to hope for.

HENRY	Going for a new angle?

PAULA	Um, remains to be seen. You know, she, she clearly made an impression. Everybody has their own picture of Vera. And now I do, anyway, maybe you do as well?

HENRY	Uh, yeah, as I recall her, she was a very good student.

PAULA	I want to understand. Partially just who she was, but also what it does to us when someone just disappears out of our--you know, how we just carry on... living as if nothing has happened. And is that what we really do?

HENRY	I suppose not.

PAULA	Do you want... coffee?

HENRY	Please. Yeah, that'd be great. Thanks.

PAULA	At the same time, there is some strange stuff in this story. For instance, why did it take the police so long to arrest her father? And what was her mother's role in all of this? Is she completely exonerated? Or what if Jacob Kall... is telling the truth and he's innocent?

HENRY	Are you serious? 

PAULA	No, no, no, he's a monster, I mean, you just have to keep the door open when it's a work in progress.


HENRY	Of course. I'm guessing you know how to do that.

PAULA	I hope so.
 
HENRY	It was just like in that film with, um, Bill Murray. What's it called? Uh, Groundhog Day. I rented a room from an old widow, uh, Mrs. Kuntze. Same routine, every morning. It was me and this guy, Kellerman, an optician's assistant. Aged-- Morning, Kellerman. --somewhere between 30 and 60. We shared a bathroom with, uh, Tomas... Mrs. Kuntze's old cat. I don't... think he ever said one word to me while I was there.

PAULA	Who? The cat or Kellerman?

HENRY	Very good. No, thanks. I, um, packed those... in a long time ago.

PAULA	So tell me about, uh, about Clara.

HENRY	Yeah, what, what do you wanna know?

PAULA	You live in Antwerp.

HENRY	Uh-hmm.

PAULA	She's a, a—

HENRY	Doctor.

PAULA	--doctor.

HENRY	Yeah.

PAULA	You're a copywriter—

HENRY	Uh-hmm.

PAULA	--what else? Any, any kids?

HENRY	No. No. We, um, didn't, uh, hasn't really worked out (Indistinct) I think, because, um, yeah.
 
PAULA	Uh, was, was it something I said?

HENRY	Oh, no. Don't be silly. No, um, things have been very hard on the home front of late but...

PAULA	You wanna talk about it?

HENRY	There's not a lot to say. Clara and I always intended to have children but I've later backed away from it, I don't know why. So on Tuesday, she decided she'd waited long enough. She took the car and the dog and went to her sister's house. Cancelled the reservation for the house that we're about to rent in the south of France, and doesn't answer my calls.

PAULA	So that's why you came.

HENRY	No. How about you? Anyone?

PAULA	Um, oh, uh, I, I don't know, I've, um, taken some time out—

HENRY	Right.

PAULA	--from that sort of thing. I'm not so good at the whole relationship, uh, thing, yeah.

HENRY	Thank you.

PAULA	She just, um, she started seeing somebody else. And everything just ran... into the sand. I don't know. That was just as well.

HENRY	Yeah.

PAULA	So, uh, what do you remember about us, us your students—

HENRY	Oh.

PAULA	--in class... 3b at City College?

HENRY	I liked being your teacher. I liked it. Not everyone, of course. You know, some I like less, like, a lot less, but, you know, others more. It felt... strange at times being in a position of authority when I was only a few years older than you. Don't forget tomorrow is the deadline for handing in your poetry analysis. Do not forget please. But then that's how it was. I was your teacher and you were my student. Good. Every day, I'd pack up, and then home again to, to Mrs. Kuntze. And we lived in a beautiful neighborhood... called the Pampa, well, the Pampa as you know.

KUNTZE	How are you?

HENRY	Hi. Arrived?

KUNTZE	Nothing for you.

HENRY	Oh. Every time.

HENRY	I came and went... as I pleased, really.

KUNTZE	What have been doing today?

HENRY	Today was good. Today, uh, I have 30 students doing essay... on a narrative sort of (Indistinct)

KUNTZE	Oh, dear.


HENRY	Yes.

KUNTZE	Narratives.

HENRY	And Mrs. Kuntze, she, she was very kind.

KUNTZE	Challenging.

HENRY	As was her cat, Tomas. And then every night I'd sit up, correct tests, prepare my work, eventually falling asleep, and waking again to another exciting day.
 
BEATRICE	When we got changed after gym class, I noticed she had a big bruise on her arm. She said she'd hurt herself with some gym equipment.

PAULA	Oh, my gosh.

BEATRICE	I didn't... know how things were for her at home. She never opened up about it.

PAULA	She didn't with anyone.

BEATRICE	I mean, she could have moved in with me! I should have done something.

PAULA	It was...

BEATRICE	...before it was too late.

PAULA	That, that was (Sighs) I don't think there's anything any of us could have done, you know?

BEATRICE	I remember that party as if it was yesterday, the one... at the Limburg Rooms.

PAULA	What are you thinking?

BEATRICE	It was the last time I spoke to her, in the girls' loo.

PAULA	What time was that?

BEATRICE	11:00? Half past.

PAULA	And anything else?

BEATRICE	I don't know. It's just--the whole thing's so sad.

PAULA	Yeah. She was so happy! Happy?

BEATRICE	She wasn't usually the sort to be cheerful exactly. No. As if something good had happened in her life.
 
PAULA	Anyway, that's all I got because her kid, he just heard and started screaming, you know, great not to have kids. Sorry, sorry.

HENRY	I'm gonna go for a dip. I think I need to cool down a bit.

PAULA	Okay. Hey, uh, you know, Commissioner Keller is coming in an hour, if you wanna join.

HENRY	Um, maybe I could borrow the car?

PAULA	Okay.

HENRY	Great!

PAULA	Um, but, uh, my dad will kill you if anything happens to that car, you know, no, no, no, I'm, I'm serious, not a scratch!
 
CLEANER	Nah, school's close at summer.

HENRY	I know that. I know. I, um, I used to work here. I was just wondering if I could have a quick look around.

CLEANER	Let me know when you leave.

HENRY	Thank you. Yeah.

VERA	Can I come in?

HENRY	Of course, you can, yeah.

VERA	Do with your help.

HENRY	All right. Okay. What can I help with?

VERA	I can't make up my mind which one to choose?

HENRY	Okay. Ah,

HENRY	Journey to the End of the Night and Madame Bovary, well, you've chosen two entirely different texts, both classics. Um, this is one of... the world's best known love stories.

VERA	Really I'd like to write about both, but that might seem a bit overambitious.

HENRY	Yeah, maybe a little bit. Um, Celine, on the other hand (Speaks French) uh, well, this is very dark. It's all about The First World War, a lot of anguish.

VERA	He was almost obsessed by death, wasn't he?

HENRY	Oh, that's a little bit of an... understatement, but, yeah. I don't know. I suppose if one--if one were to say that Céline is the true pessimist, then you could also say that Flaubert is his complete... opposite. If I were you, I'd go for the Flaubert.

VERA	Hmm.

HENRY	Because life is gloomy enough even without Céline in it. And a little bit of love, never did anybody any harm, so...

VERA	Thanks.

HENRY	You're very welcome.
 
VERA	Then I know.

HENRY	You've decided?

VERA	Yeah. This one, of course! Thanks.

KELLER	In the beginning she was just missing, so we waited for her to return, but she never did, in the end. So we dredged the river, searched her cycle routes with dogs, formed human chains. I think we questioned close to 150 people.

PAULA	Wow. There were a few other suspects, didn't you? Before you detained Jacob Kall?

KELLER	Well, there was a known rapist who appears to have been in the area, an old jailbird who lived nearby.

PAULA	And her classmate, Emil Bachmann. That's what it said in the paper. He was in custody for a while, wasn't he?

KELLER	Arrested. Dr. No... let him go.

PAULA	Oh, you mean, um, Neyman, the prosecutor?

KELLER	Neyman, yeah. Who actually had a point for once. Hmm, could I have some more coffee?
 
PAULA	Three weeks later, you arrested Jacob Kall. Talk about dragging your feet. You'd been informed that he'd mistreated Vera for years.

KELLER	That was the only thing that annoys me.

PAULA	Yeah, but three weeks? Is that what you call good police work?

KELLER		Sometimes that's just how it is. But the worst of it was that it gave him plenty of time to cover his tracks. And although he'd scrubbed the place down, we quickly found Vera's blood in the kitchen. And eventually we found Vera's dress in her wardrobe, also covered in blood. We turned the house upside down. We dug up half the neighborhood.

PAULA	You didn't find anything?

KELLER	We didn't even... find her bicycle. But, as I said, he had a fair amount of time. It still riles me.

PAULA	What about Vera's mother, Monica, what was her role in all of this?

KELLER	Well, who knows. We didn't manage to get one sensible word out of her.

PAULA	Hmm, do you think she was afraid?

KELLER	I don't think Vera Kall was the only one to come face to face with Jacob Kall's lunacy. Let's put it that way.

PAULA	Isn't it a little bit weird to sentence someone for a murder without a corpse?

KELLER	But not... unique. And in this case there were, uh, number of indicators and technical evidence. And there was proof that she had been maltreated... at home.

PAULA	And now he's banged up for life.

KELLER	Yes.

PAULA	Despite never having confessed to the crime.

KELLER	Jacob Kall is not the confessing type.

PAULA	So just turning the clock back a little bit. You interviewed some witnesses aside from the people at the Limburg Rooms.

KELLER	Yes, we had people who saw her cycling... away from the party. Some claimed she cycled off in the wrong direction, towards town. Others saw her around the industrial estate. But everything points to having cycled home at about, about 11:30, in which case she would've got home about 45 minutes later.

PAULA	But that's not all, though, right?

KELLER	What are you suggesting?

PAULA	Emil Bachmann left the Limburg Rooms just before Vera. I know that for sure. But he didn't get home until half past 4:00... in the morning, that's what the newspaper guy said.

KELLER	Huh.

PAULA	It's in the morning post. I have the cutting right here.

KELLER	Oh, one thing I can tell you, we had witnesses who saw Bachmann at the bus station at the exact same time as he was allegedly trying to break into a car on the other side of town. And there were people who could confidently say that they saw Vera Kall cycling home at 1:00 and 2:00 and 3:00 in the morning. Even... a drunk who says he saw her catch the first train to Altmaar at 6:15, wearing angel wings. (Exhales) If you... take every tip-off seriously, you completely... lose the plot. That's just... how it is. (Sighs) And, I think, I'm going to call it a day.

PAULA	Okay. Well, thanks for coming all this way.

KELLER	Well, hello there. And who... might you be lurking in the shadows?

HENRY	I'm Henry Maertens. I was one of the teachers at City College.

KELLER	Are you also involved in this film spectacle?

HENRY	Well, not exactly. I'm probably a bit like you, um, I'm a bit of an interview victim, I think.

KELLER	Oh, whatever, I'm off.

HENRY	Well, nice to meet you.

KELLER	Uh, good luck. Maybe you... could cut that last bit.

PAULA	Yeah, I'll let you see the final edit before I lock it down like I promised. Um, one final question.

KELLER	Yeah?

PAULA	Do you know if Vera had a boyfriend?

KELLER	Well, there was no indication, no one came forward. Her mobile was gone, and anyway she had one of those top-up cards. There was no diary or... anything. No computer of her own. But I bet there was a bloke somewhere. She was an attractive looking girl to say the least. And her father wasn't a kind who encouraged those kinds of liaisons. So there's your motive.

PAULA	But why would he...

KELLER	Jacob Kall... is a true bastard. Let him rot.
 
HENRY	Paula, how about lunch in town on me?

PAULA	Well, I was all set up to interview you.

HENRY	There is no hurry for that, is there?

PAULA	No, not as far as I'm concerned.

HENRY	Good.

PAULA	Uh, good. Okay. Let me just, um, uh, pack everything up.

HENRY	Yeah.

PAULA	Yeah. Wobble.

HENRY	Yeah.

PAULA	everyone was trying was trying to catch (Indistinct) sort of like... Is she not answering?

HENRY	No.

PAULA	What's she like, Claire, is she attractive?

HENRY	(Scoffs) I'll show you picture if you like.

PAULA	analog. I like that. Hmm.

HENRY	Thanks.

PAULA	Do you love her?

HENRY	Right now it feels, feels a bit like I'm about to lose her... anyway.

PAULA	Emil Bachmann isn't answering either. I've emailed him and called him a number of times but it's just--he's just declining my calls.

HENRY	And it's, it's hardly surprising, isn't it? You've already emailed him, then he knows what it's about, he won't want to... be reminded, won't he? And he was never actually charged so...

PAULA	He was arrested for assault in town the previous year. Possession... of drugs and bicycle theft. It was before your time and everyone knew he could be fucking aggressive.

HENRY	Is this some kind of new theory of yours, some sort of alternative perpetrate?

PAULA	Emil left the party at 11:00, wasted, according to a number of witnesses including myself. And then wasn't seen again until half 4:00 in the morning by that paper delivery guy. I want to talk to him about what he was doing during those missing hours.

HENRY	But Emil did steal the car in the other side of town, I'm pretty sure he won't want to discuss it with you.

MAN	Honorable guests, respected colleagues, and of course students, or maybe I should say cherished students.

PAULA	It must have been just after 10:00  (Indistinct) have been boring on for I felt like hours. Emil was pretty drunk by then.

MAN	Well, maybe not quite as glittering as it should have been. At some points there was quite a lot of tarnish going on, however on the...

PAULA	No, I never got the stain out of that dress.

MAN	...that's one of the great successes...

HENRY	I was sitting just behind this pillar here, I remember, I can see down the thing (Chuckles)

MAN	Congratulations to one and...

EMIL	Mate, just stop making that fucking noise, yeah. This isn't--no, seriously you're pissing me off.

PIETER	Take it easy.

EMIL	Don't touch me, mate. I just fucking said don't touch me.

FRITZ	Hey! Hey, come back inside. Don't be a dick.

EMIL	Fucking done, innit?

FRITZ	Emil, where are you going?

HENRY	I don't have any... notion of where Emil Bachmann was that night, but I'm guessing he must have left before me.

PAULA	I remember you said you were going home you... laughed and said we should go easy... or something grown up, like that.

HENRY	Good night.

CLAIRE	Don't go, Henry. Don't leave me.

PAULA	And then Claire turned up.

HENRY	Yeah. I remember that. I think I... well a bit too much wine I think. (Laughs)

PAULA	She wasn't the only one.

PIETER	All the time...

CLAIRE	Don't be... such a boring old fart.

HENRY	Good night.

CLAIRE	Good night.

PAULA	But I don't remember... Vera was there. Did you see her?

HENRY	I actually can't remember.


PAULA	If Emil had been on his way home, it should have taken him 20 minutes... or 30 at the most... even in his condition. Emil... lived there with parents and a younger sister. It's the third house on the left. His parents left (Indistinct) in three or four years ago. And Vera would have taken this street on her way home. Of course, you wanna know what Emil was up to during those hours, yeah? Right. So all you do is push this red button.

HENRY	This feels wrong.

PAULA	Okay. It's rolling. Now you haven't done another.
 
EMIL	Yes, I got your emails and I'm not fucking interested, otherwise I would've responded, wouldn't I?

PAULA	I just--I wasn't sure of it and maybe that you didn't get--that was the wrong email and I saw the (Indistinct)...

EMIL	No. I got the fucking emails. And I'm not fucking interested, am I? Because this is my house, okay?

PAULA	I just wanna hear your side of the story.

EMIL	I said fuck off.

PAULA	Don't you wanna give your version of events of like...

EMIL	You just wanna fuck with my life, don't you?

PAULA	Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. I'm leaving. Emil was the moron even back then.

HENRY	It's totally immoral to film someone who doesn't know he's being filmed.

PAULA	Immoral? Get off your high horse. It would've been immoral not to let him make a statement.

HENRY	That may be the case, but this definitely wasn't the way to do it, all right?

PAULA	I was the one who filmed him, all you have to do is pretend you weren't there.  Emil, hi. Sorry. I, I just came around the back because I, I did ring on your door but I guess—

EMIL	You need to leave, Paula, you're trespassing.

PAULA	I, I just...

HENRY	Yeah, I can't let you use that material, Paula.

PAULA	...whether you got the email... Well, it's my film so I can do whatever I fucking want. ...I just--I wasn't sure of it and maybe that you didn't get--that was the wrong email, I saw the...


EMIL	No. I got the fucking emails. And I'm not fucking... interested, am I? Because this is my house, okay?

HENRY	I, I thought... this is meant to be the portrait of a young girl. You know, like, like a, a community marked by grief, isn't that what you said? The, the, the loss of Vera? And instead you're, you're twisting it, you're turning it into some weird bloody police investigation. It's wrong! You know, um, it seems like you don't want to make this film. You know, to be perfectly honest, no, I don't.

PAULA	And why did you come then?

HENRY	Well, that's a bloody good question.
 
PAULA	Look, I don't want you to leave.

HENRY	You and I obviously have a very different view of morality, Paula, because you, you simply don't seem to give a shit.

PAULA	You're right.

HENRY	Yeah.

PAULA	I mean, if Emil... doesn't wanna be in the film, he doesn't have to be. I was wrong. That is not what this film supposed to be about.

HENRY	So delete it then.

PAULA	Okay. I'll delete it. I'll do it right now.  So you'll stay?
 
HENRY	You know, to my mind, you should interview yourself. And you knew Vera as well as anyone, didn't you?

PAULA	Well, um, you know, I don't think anyone have known her, apart from possibly Claire.

HENRY	But why can't anyone know her?

PAULA	I guess it's like, like, B said, she was a--well she was the odd one out. To me she was a mystery.

HENRY	Or maybe you're just in love with her.

PAULA	She wasn't my type.

HENRY	You know, a week... before Jacob Kall was arrested, I was called in to see the Head Master...

PAULA	Oh, wait--because I really wanna record you when you tell me. Okay? After dinner?

HENRY	After dinner, all right. Fine.

PAULA	Just gonna stick this on you.

HENRY	Okay. All right.

PAULA	It's a mic.

HENRY	All right. Got it.

PAULA	Okay. Keep on your pockets, so, yeah.

HENRY	Okay. In here.

PAULA	Okay.

HENRY	It's very surreal.

PAULA	Um, I actually might have some little wine. Do you want some?

HENRY	No. No. I'm good. Thanks (Indistinct) my wit about it.

PAULA	I'm recording.

HENRY	Now? While I'm washing. (Laughs) Is this some kind of kitchen sink drama, you know...

PAULA	It was (Indistinct) cat twice.

HENRY	Okay. Here?

PAULA	Yeah.

HENRY	Okay.

PAULA	Okay. So just start talking about what you were talking about this afternoon.

HENRY	Oh, um, well, yeah. Um, two weeks after... Vera disappeared, I was called in to see Neumann-Hansen.

PAULA	The Head Master.

HENRY	Exactly.

ERICH	How are the reports coming along Henry? It can be a bit of a challenge the first time around.

HENRY	Yeah, to say the least. The special assignment, the literature, the essay has been the deciding factor for most of them.

ERICH	It's a grave responsibility.

HENRY	Uh-hmm.

ERICH	Their futures are at stake. But I'm more than happy to help you if you feel unsure about it.

HENRY	Oh, thank you, but--yes. I--I'm not gonna say no to that. I've only been with them at times so...

ERICH	Good. Oh, bring me the results and we'll look over it together.

HENRY	Thank you. Thanks.

ERICH	Vera Kall. Did she have time to hand in her essay?

HENRY	Sadly, no. It didn't work out that way. I regretted it almost immediately, you know? You know, I, I knew very well that Vera has been getting good marks all the way through her time at college. And I should have just said to him, you know, I've given her the same marks that she's been getting during her Autumn term but Neumann-Hansen... insisted, you know, he felt that she must have had time, she'd written something before she disappeared and if it wasn't in the locker at school then it must be at her house. So, I had to go around to see her parents which is absolutely the last thing I wanted to do.

ERICH	Even if... God forbid she's dead, she still deserves a proper school graduation report.

HENRY	Right.

ERICH	And it must be fair. Correct. Just because she's disappeared, it doesn't mean you have to be excessively generous. Just fair. I think you understand what I mean. Erich Neumann-Hansen. Head Master, City College.

MONICA	Hello.

HENRY	Henry Maertens. I'm the one who called.

MONICA	Please.

ERICH	Might we come in?

MONICA	Oh, yes, please. I'm sorry about the food.

ERICH	We are the ones who should apologize, barging in like this during your lunch... But... we have decided... that Vera must have her school reports, despite all. We mustn't loose hope.

HENRY	I like to take a look at the school essay that Vera was working on. I don't know if perhaps you know where Vera keeps.

JACOB	But, of course, we know. I assume you mean her special report on Céline that was due to be turned in on Friday?

HENRY	I was anything but comfortable with the situation... hated it.

JACOB	Top drawer.

HENRY	All right. Thanks.

JACOB	I don't want... anything removed from here.

HENRY	Yeah. Of course not. Of course. Could I get a moment to myself? At first I found it very hard to concentrate, that was largely because I could, I could feel the presence of her father. His eyes just, like, drilling into my back. Even though he wasn't really in the room. But I could feel him. And then I got drawn into what she'd written. She's very good. She'd largely finished the work. And when I got home... I regretted the visit. It just felt like we'd encroached or had butted into that sorrow. What did it really matter, you know, what final grade Vera received?

KUNTZE	Sorry for disturbing, have you seen Thomas? Oh. Come on... (Cat meows) Yes. Yes. Yes. (Laughs) Yes, come on. Come on.

HENRY	Two days later Jacob Kall was arrested.

PAULA	How did that feel?

HENRY	Surreal.

PAULA	In what sense?

HENRY	In the... sense that we'd been allowed to walk around the kitchen where Vera had been beaten to death by her father... (Crickets chirping)
 
PAULA	Look, Samaria. It's for sale.

HENRY	Did you bring your camera?

PAULA	Oh, the house isn't going anywhere.

HENRY	It's very strange coming back here.

PAULA	Really, what I was thinking. She's buried somewhere under your feet.

ESTATE AGENT	Welcome. I must apologize for the state of things here, but the place is sold as seen. Perfect environment for children to grow up in. Great potential for conversion, renovation, or rip it down build your own. Why don't you have a look around?

HENRY	Thanks.

ESTATE AGENT	Contents included.
 
 
HENRY	It's exactly like I remember it.

PAULA	Pieter Vogel.

HENRY	What?

PAULA	I'm just thinking maybe she had a thing with Pieter Vogel.

HENRY	Really? Have you spoken to him about it?

PAULA	No. He wouldn't have been able to keep his mouth shut (Chuckles).

HENRY	Oh.
 
 
ESTATE AGENT	I must apologize for the state of things here—

PAULA	One thing's for certain, anyway, Pieter never slept in this bed, because if he had... Jacob Kall would've knocked him off as well.

HENRY	Uh-hmm.

ESTATE AGENT	Why don't you have a look around?

PAULA	So, when did you meet... Clara?

HENRY	Clara? Why do ask?

PAULA	Just curious.

HENRY	We met a year--about a year or two after this in Antwerp.

PAULA	What about when you're living here... in Kaalbringen?

HENRY	What?

PAULA	Well, did you have... some special... lady friend?

HENRY	No. No, that wasn't--it wasn't in the script, so to speak.

PAULA	Groundhog Day...

HENRY	Exactly.

PAULA	Well, I know a couple of the girls from our class who were more than interested.

HENRY	Taboo.

PAULA	What did you say?


HENRY	Never on the cards.

CLAIRE	I don't think I found Henry incredibly attractive. Um, he was so sweet... and, sort of, cute. And if you made a special effort... and seemed a bit interested he blushed. So, without Henry Maertens that last term would have been bloody boring.

PAULA	Yeah. So, all the girls had a crush on Henry Maertens?

CLAIRE	Uh-hmm.

PAULA	What about the boys? Who did they love?

CLAIRE	You know...

PAULA	Yes. But you say it.

CLAIRE	Vera, of course. (Laughs)

PAULA	I think out of... everyone you really knew her the best.

CLAIRE	Yeah. Vera was... the finest, the best and I still miss her, so terribly still and... I think I told her everything. She was always so wise and thoughtful as if she knew everything.

PAULA	Did she ever tell you anything about herself, her life?

CLAIRE	Oh, no. She didn't. Hardly anything, some things. I know she had a tough time at home... (Phone vibrating) I saw her bruises she... she tried covering them up with makeup.

PAULA	Hi. Yes. Yeah. I, I have it right here. That's, that's why I tried to call you earlier. No, it's in the car.

CLAIRE	Never talked about it ever, she didn't want pity.

PAULA	Do you think maybe she was gay?

CLAIRE	What? (Laughs)

PAULA	Well, just--you know, that--I just said, all the boys were interested, but she was just really didn't seem to care about at all.

CLAIRE	It's not so very surprising, you know. Vera was smart. And she just wanted school to be over so she can start living. She longed to get away from her family.

PAULA	No wonder. Did she--did she have a boyfriend?

CLAIRE	Not that I know of. Maybe Maertens, if so.


PAULA	Henry Maertens?

CLAIRE	Yeah. But she never told me anything.

PAULA	Yeah. Okay, but— Great. Yeah. I'll, I'll speak to you. Yeah. Bye.

CLAIRE	But if you'll ask me, I'll say Henry.

HENRY	When did you meet with Claire Meitens?

PAULA	Before you and I met in Maardam.

HENRY	And when were you gonna tell me that? Or...

PAULA	I--you know, I didn't know what to say, Henry, because I know that you haven't been honest, and I know that you've lied.

HENRY	Lied? Lied, Paula.

HENRY	You're the one who's lied.

PAULA	Yes. Okay.

HENRY	Do you know what I think this is? This is jealousy. That's what this bloody film is. Your jealousy and the fact that Vera wasn't in... love with you.

PAULA	Okay, that's not true.

HENRY	No, that's what this whole bloody film is, isn't it? It's not actually about Vera, it's about your... gigantic narcissistic ego.
 
PAULA	Yeah, I was in love with her but I accepted that it wasn't mutual.

HENRY	You see, I knew it. You've got a fucking weird way of working, you know that? I mean, you and your twisted theories. And whether something is true or not, it... just seems to be fucking irrelevant to you.

PAULA	Yeah, well, if it's not true, Henry, then why don't you... explain this? "Be thou the rainbow and the storms of life. -H" For Henry?

HENRY	Where did you get this?

PAULA	I found it in Samaria about a month ago.

HENRY	You don't know shit.

PAULA	And you do?

HENRY	I loved Vera and she loved me. No camera.

PAULA	No camera.

HENRY	Just give me some time. There's a darkness to it and a sense of foreboding to it.

VERA	But there really is a sense of passion.

HENRY	There really is a sense of passion but let me ask this one question, do you not think there is a pessimism to the whole thing, do you not think that there is death on every single page?

VERA	I would say exactly the opposite. I think the language is so full of life and so incredibly beautiful. I would like to write that Celine's use of language instead.

HENRY	I set aside about 30 minutes, I think, but we must have sat there for about two hours. I would never normally have devoted so much time to just one student but... I didn't want to leave... and I liked her being there--I liked--I liked her laugh, and her thoughts, and her, her everything, I suppose. We agreed to meet again the very next afternoon, I remember, under the pretext of Vera wanted to talk about her idea of, of Celine's use of language but we both knew that wasn't the... reason. I mean, we, we made a various different excuses along the way just to be together.

PAULA	It's getting a bit cold. I'm gonna... run in and get a jumper, okay? Do you--do you want one?

HENRY	No, thanks. The library... obviously had its fixed opening hours... but I had a key. So, we knew we wouldn't be disturbed, well, at least for a little while.
 
PAULA	You must had a fuck load of luck.

HENRY	Well, then, maybe.

PAULA	What would've happened if... someone had found out?

HENRY	Honestly speaking, I don't know. I mean, it's out of the question, of course, it was taboo, like I said.

PAULA	Also... beautiful.

HENRY	The following week I smuggled her back to Mrs. Kuntze's house. I think Vera told her parents... she was staying on the library or something for the next few hours. Maybe it's a bit exaggerated to say that I smuggled her in, I'm sure, Mrs. Kuntze would've been very... accommodating.

VERA	Meow.

HENRY	Sshh. We just--we just had to be very careful.

VERA
(Indistinct) It's just one, one bit—

HENRY	I've got a--crap, oh.

VERA	--that I have to talk to you about.

HENRY	Vera absolutely did not want her parents to find out that.

VERA	It's one bit.

HENRY	I can wait. It wasn't even an option and I understood that. I'd seen the marks on her--on her body, not, not that she talked about it. Maybe it was then that I realized that I was actually exposing her to a risk. And now you're in trouble. I'd say. And when I was alone, and all of this initial rush had, had settled, I knew that our relationship just could never work.

PAULA	What about... at the party, then? In the last night, did you not see each other?

STEPHAN	But of course, from time to time, you might just find yourself needing a bit of actual guidance... from your highly salaried lecturer. And as you look up eagerly seeking his attention, you are met with the sight of your eminently qualified tutor Wasserman sitting bolt upright in his opulent chair behind his imposing desk, taking a nap... (Audience laughing)

WASSERMAN	It's not true. It's all a lie.

STEPHAN	How does he defy the laws of... Physics? We were able to internalize this extraordinary feat... of vertical hibernation with the help of your Jovan's mobile. And, as you know, it was published eventually... in the college magazine.

HENRY	Even though it's very dangerous for her and I to see each other, my body just ached for her.

STEPHAN	Our... only element of regret, looking back on it, is that we didn't manage to record the... accompanying sound effects.

HENRY	Good night, kids. Don't do anything I wouldn't do. Good night.

CLAIRE	Don't go, Henry. Dance with me.

HENRY	All right. Good night, good night. I have to go, I have to go, I have to go. I have to go. All right.

CLAIRE	Don't be such a boring old fart.

HENRY	Okay. Good night. Emil Bachman, I think had stumbled home... and then I went down to our usual meeting place. Far too early as it turned out. I thought it would take 15 minutes to get onto the bridge. I must have walked very quickly because it wouldn't have taken me more than five, I think. And so many thoughts passing through my head as I waited I remembered. Has she snuck at home or she stayed behind to the party? I didn't know what to think, but then she arrived slightly out of breath on a bicycle. And then we went back to the Pampas, to my place. You're right, it is--it is getting cold, isn't it?

PAULA	And then you went back to Mrs. Kuntze's. She never went home, is that what you're saying?

HENRY	I think I'm gonna get a sweater.

PAULA	Well, I'll get it.

HENRY	I'm coming right back.
 
PAULA	Henry, I can--I can explain. I... Stop. Stop. Stop. I can... Come back. No. Stop. No. What the fuck are you doing?

HENRY	You're a sick person, you know that.

PAULA	No, please. No. No. Oh, no.
 
VERA	Are you awake now?

HENRY	Yeah.

VERA	I have to go.

HENRY	We should talk, Vera.

VERA	We're always talking.

HENRY	I don't think what we--I don't think what we're doing is right... at this point in time. I'm sorry.

VERA	What?

HENRY	I think we should maybe take a break, you and I.
 
HENRY	The thing is, Vera, you never tell me anything ever. And I do see what's happening, I do understand. I know this man is your father but you have got to report him to the police. I'm saying this for your best interest.

VERA	And that would be to not be there for me?

HENRY	Of course not.

VERA	How soothing.

HENRY	You can't continue like this. Vera, Vera. Wait, Vera.

POLICE WHINTER	For suspected assault, damage to property, but you are also wanted for questioning for withholding information into the investigation of the murder... of Vera Kall. In other words, Vera Kall did not cycle home at midnight... but three hours later. Now, although you were well aware that the police investigation into her disappearance was not making any progress, you chose not to tell us what you knew.

HENRY	I thought she'd ran away. I thought she was staying away on purpose. I thought she'd get in touch once things have calmed down.

POLICE WHINTER	Or... you're lying and we've got the wrong... bloke locked up in prison.

HENRY	I did... not kill Vera, all right. I would never—

POLICE WHINTER	All right, then. And I happen to think that either.

HENRY	I loved her.

POLICE WHINTER	Hmm. But apparently, not enough to share with us what you knew.

HENRY	Well, that's the last thing she would have wanted for God's sake. She was terrified of her father.

POLICE WHINTER	If we had known then what we know now we probably would have arrested Jacob Kall a few weeks earlier. We might have found the remains or at best... found her still alive.

HENRY	He was hitting her. I saw the bruises on her body if he had found out. I didn't want her to put her through that risk. How many times do I have to tell you?

POLICE WHINTER	Well, either that, or you're just too much of a coward to own up to what you had done.

HENRY	No.

POLICE WHINTER	I mean, a teacher seducing a student. Maybe not illegal... but inappropriate. In no way are you being dropped from this investigation... but we're not gonna hold onto you any longer. As for the assault, you can expect a, a fine and a conditional sentence.
 
PAULA	Should I call the police?

HENRY	That's ten thousand Euros. It should be enough to cover the cost of your equipment, at least.

PAULA	Move. Are you coming?

HENRY	All the things were gone by the time I got back to Antwerp.

PAULA	Was she answering her phone? What did she say? Nothing endearing, then.

HENRY	I miss Clark, I miss my dog.

PAULA	Yeah. You've paid a high price. Me too, in a way. Obviously, I shouldn't have done what I did to you. Definitely crossed the line. It's really made me think--I mean, your reaction was totally justified... and I should--no, I should--I should apologize.

HENRY	No, it's wrong. I'm the one who's at fault and if I had just told the truth... when all this happened all those years ago, and then... I'd never have anything to hide from you. Instead, I just chosen to keep a secret all these years. I loved Vera.

PAULA	My God, you must have hated Jacob Kall. Probably still hate him.

HENRY	Yeah. Yeah. I do. I hate him with every bit of my heart.

PAULA	I've dropped the project. It's not gonna be a film.

HENRY	Good.

PAULA	This is too, too heavy, sad, too private. Sometimes it is just better to let things fly, like you said and, and maybe I just have to accept that she lies buried somewhere, the forest's edge, and that the memory of Vera is more important. Sometimes I like to pretend that the drunk at the station did actually see her.

HENRY	Uh-hmm.

PAULA	That she'd reached an end point that morning and... managed to get away. That in spite of everything, she actually boarded the first train to Altmaar... while the rest of us were lying there, sleeping it off, she packed her bag and left Samaria... for good. Perhaps without even knowing where she was going. And for the first time she felt free, really free. I think... she found better life somewhere else in another town, another country, because she was worth that much. Vera deserved the best of everything.
 
VERA	Who's that?

HENRY	No idea. She said her name was Clara, that... she works at the Brussels's office unless I'm not mistaken. Thank you.

VERA	Thank you. 





