(SIBERIA)

VOICE OIVER	When I was a kid, in the summer, I would go up to northern Canada with my father and two brothers fishing. The one male bonding thing we did and the only extravagance my rather workaholic, miserly good country-boy father could muster. We flew by bush plane, small planes with pontoons, into a wilderness lake where we would be met by an old trapper who lived there year-round. He hadn’t been back to civilization for thirty years and communicated with the fish camp organizers on a shortwave radio. Once we got to his camp, a group of small cabins nestled around his little house with the side-stacked head high with a mountain of dried bones. Behind them were teepees with a small group of Cree Indians who would take us out on the water and be our guides. They had names like Tom Pitt, Rod Rat, Billy Deer. All toothless, passive and alcoholic. However they were not allow liquor while they worked, although their eyes always were an angry bloodshot red, so maybe they were sneaking drinks. They were truly romantic figures gone to seed. Anyway, the point. At this camp, there was a group of huskies that the trapper kept for his dogsled work in the winter. It wasn’t until we stopped going to the camp that this guy got rid of them for a snowmobile. These dogs were sweet, but wild enough to be scary. The biggest manhood challenge for me, at six years old, was running from our cabin to the outhouse because the dogs would chase you and nip at your heels. While you were in the outhouse, they would scratch at the door and growl. Horrific. And then, when you were through, you’d race back to the safety of your cabin, hoping the nips wouldn’t turn into bites. 

INUIT	(speaking in his own language - do not subtitle)

CLINT	Rum it is…

INUIT	(speaking in his own language - do not subtitle)

CLINT	Good.

INUIT	(speaking in his own language - do not subtitle)

CLINT	They’re hungry. 

INUIT	(speaking in his own language - do not subtitle)

CLINT	Sugar? 

INUIT	(speaking in his own language - do not subtitle)

CLINT	Okay

WOODSMAN	Hey, can I get another one of these when you get a chance?

WOODSMAN	How often you play?

CLINT	Never. 

WOODSMAN	Why?

CLINT	I don’t need to.  

WOODSMAN	But you might win. 

CLINT	I don’t want to win.

WOODSMAN	Why?

CLINT	I don’t want to lose.

CLINT	Two… Okay… 

CLINT	Here we go…

CLINT	There you go… there you go… 

WOODSMAN	Come on, come on, come on babies… 

CLINT	Come on… 

MITCHELL	I don’t understand how you can have anything to do with someone like her. 

CLINT	Just because you don’t understand it doesn’t mean it cannot be. 

MITCHELL	But, why? 

CLINT	That’s the wrong question. The right question is: is this the way of the world? And the answer is yes. 
MITCHELL	What do you know? You don’t live in the world. You stuck yourself at the end of the universe and here you can’t see your selfishness, arrogance and above all your ignorance. You pretend to be open to all things, but can’t see how close-minded you are. Do you actually believe you’ll find your soul here? 

CLINT	My soul is within me. 

MITCHELL	Wrong again brother. Your soul is outside of you and you must claim it. 

CLINT	I have. I began a journey that finished here. 

MITCHELL	There is no beginning. There is no end. That’s babble. That’s not a language of the soul. Time will pass and you’ll continue to be lost. 

CLINT	You sound like my father. 

MITCHELL	You complain that your father didn’t know you. He carried you on his back through life, and all you can do is criticize some oversights he committed, while you are guilty of the biggest crimes. 

CLINT	Really? What crimes were those? 

MITCHELL	You tell me. Now instead, you’d like to hear it from my mouth so you can deny it. That’s the same cowardly game you played with your father.  

CLINT	I loved my father. 

MITCHELL	You were not a loving son. You were a burden to him, and now to me. 

VOICE OIVER	When I had been pondering many different things to myself for a long time, and had for many days been seeking my own self and what my own good was, and what evil was to be avoided, thus suddenly spoke to me. What was it? I myself or someone else, inside or outside me? This is the very thing I would love to know but don’t. 


CAVERN DEMON 1	I just wanted to see the Dells. I just wanted to see the Dells. I just wanted to see the Dells. I just wanted to see the Dells. I just wanted to see the Dells. I just wanted to see the Dells. 

CAVERN DEMON 2	I’m waiting for the doctor… I’m waiting for the doctor… I’m waiting for the doctor…  I’m waiting for the doctor…

CAVERN DEMON 3	Where is the doctor? Where is the doctor? Where is the doctor? Where is the doctor? Where is the doctor?

CAVERN DEMON 4	Teach me how to die. Teach me how to die.

CLINT’S FATHER	I’m glad you’re here

CLINT	Dad? 

CLINT’S FATHER	I just got to get some gear…

CLINT	What gear? 

CLINT’S FATHER		I promised you I’d take you fishing...Just got to go get the boat out the garage, hitch it up to the Buick and head out at the crack of dawn to ol’ Patridge Lake. It will be a heckwa more fun than sitting around watching TV. 

CLINT	But dad, don’t you remember what the doctor said? 

CLINT’S FATHER	What did he say? 

CLINT	He said you’re dead. 

CLINT’S FATHER	Don’t listen to him. 
CLINT’S FATHER	Tell me again, what grade you in? Ah, nevermind, we’re going fishing. We’ll get to Fremont before the sun comes up. I’ll lower in the Aluma craft in the water. Fill it up with the gear, poles, tackle boxes, life preservers, an ice chest full of cheese and bologna sandwiches, potato chips, cookies, a large thermos of ice-cold Hawaiian Punch. And I take the Johnson 20 horse outboard, put it in the water and pull on the starter cord. I’ll let you drive, till we get to where I think the fish are. Where tree stumps, tall reeds and half-submerged rocks. That’s their cover, that’s where they are. I hit the kill switch on the motor, and we’ll drift so we don’t spook the fish. It’s all quiet. I’ll put on my lucky mouse lure, a “lazy ike” for you and for your brother a “daredevil spoon” with a pork rind skirt. In the stillness, you can hear the distant calls of the loons. 

CLINT	I see a spot. I guess it might play right there, right between the lily pads. Let it sit, then I play the lure, make it dance, make it look like something he wants, something he is hungry for, then bang… then you set the hook and reel him in. 

CLINT	Dad… 

CLINT’S FATHER	Scalpel.  	

DOCTOR	Respect the presence of sleep! That is the first thing and keep away from those who sleep badly or stay awake all night. Modest is even the thief in the presence of sleep. He walks slowly through the night. Immodest is the night watcher with carrying his light and horn. No small art is it to sleep, that’s why we must keep awake all day. Ten truths have to be found during the day, otherwise your soul will be hungry and search the truth at night. Ten times we must laugh during the day and be cheerful, otherwise your stomach, the father of affliction, will disturb you at night. 


CLINT		Friend! How are you? 

MAGICIAN		I’m fine. Who are you? What are you doing here? 

CLINT		I’m interested in the black arts. They say you’re a great magician. 

MAGICIAN		Really? 

CLINT		What can you tell me? 

MAGICIAN		That there is nothing to tell. 

CLINT		I’m not here to steal from you, I’m here to learn. I came from a long way. 

MAGICIAN		Why did you come to see me? Because you’ve heard that I have once helped people who were sick or abandoned? Is that it?

CLINT		How did you do it? 

MAGICIAN		With compassion.  

CLINT		Just like that? I thought it would be more difficult.

MAGICIAN		Tell me, professor, what do you make of the black arts? 

CLINT		It’s an act of vanity, beneath nature, beneath science. 

MAGICIAN		You’ve arrived at this through reason. That is your problem. 

CLINT		Don’t criticize me. 

MAGICIAN		You make me laugh. 

MAGICIAN		What is funny about you is that your reason does not stop you. The secrets you want to know are the negative of all knowledge. Your reason is an obstacle. 

CLINT		It’s impossible to live without reason. 

WIFE	What do you want with me now? Haven't you caused everyone enough pain?

CLINT	As much as you caused me....

WIFE	I am so angry! I am so angry! You know, I thought about getting a gun.

CLINT	To kill me?

WIFE	But no one would give me one...

CLINT	You didn't try hard enough.

WIFE	No one would help me find one.

CLINT	No, you didn't try hard enough to understand what I did.

WIFE	I guess they were afraid I'd use it on myself.

CLINT	You wouldn’t do that.

WIFE	Why did you humiliate me?

CLINT	You didn't take care. You stopped paying attention, you made room for bad things to happen.

WIFE	My therapist says you're selfish

CLINT	You need a new therapist.

WIFE	You destroyed my life.

CLINT	We destroyed our life.

CLINT	We became coarse with each other.

WIFE	Guilt isn't something to be shared.

CLINT	The only thing I’m guilty of is loving you too much.

WIFE	Tell that to your son

CLINT	Is he here?

CLINT	You know, the only thing I’m guilty of is loving you too much. You know that, right? 

MOTHER	Clint, you look so tired. 

CLINT	I walked all the way home. 

MOTHER	All the way from the school? 

CLINT	Yes, I waited for you. 

MOTHER	I would have picked you up. 

CLINT	No.

MOTHER	Yes.

CLINT	No, that’s what you always say. 

MOTHER	I would have come

CLINT	I wait, and I wait and I wait and you never come. 

MOTHER	I come. I would have come. 

MOTHER	Clint. 

CLINT	Mom. I’m sorry. 

MOTHER	For what? 

CLINT	That I wasn’t there at the end. 

MOTHER	It’s all right, you were busy. 

VOICE OVER	You’re all you equal in attention to the family and that's really wonderful Cause you might get one that’s lazy and doesn’t want to get up and go but we could… y’know this is just because of his age and then I thought no we shouldn’t do that about that time

CLINT	Who are you? 

MONK	Who am I? It doesn’t matter. You don’t need to know who I am to talk to me.

CLINT	You seem to be a disciple of the black arts. A student of heretics and non-believers. 

MONK	Don’t tell me who I am when you’re struggling to know who you are. 

CLINT	What are you hiding? 

MONK	You are sincere, well-meaning. Do you think that makes you a saint? 

CLINT	I believe in right and wrong, but I am no a saint. 

MONK	Okay, don’t be so hard on yourself or me. You are not a saint, so be human, enjoy, fuck up, shake your ass, dance. 


