charlotte	i see on average . pleasant faces a day

charlotte	and things are fine.

charlotte	i know pretty girls

charlotte	won’t make life bearable

charlotte	but it feels enough

charlotte	sometimes.

commercial	wer hat jemals gesagt, dass nur paare bier trinken?

commercial	unser bier ist für jedermann.

commercial	naja

commercial	vielleicht nicht für hunde.

commercial	bier

commercial	geschmack braucht keinen namen.

franz	you think i’m a good actor?

charlotte	don’t put me in that position!

charlotte	yes, okay?!

charlotte	i think you’re great!

charlotte	you’re amazing, you’re the best actor i’ve ever seen!

franz	you want a beer?

charlotte	you haven’t even said anything about my sweater.

franz	is that a security tag?

charlotte	i must have forgotten to take it off.

charlotte	will you come to my poetry reading later?

franz	what?

franz	what?

charlotte	will you come to my poetry reading later?

franz	marianne is back tomorrow.

franz	i have to get this place clean.

charlotte	how long is she back for?

franz	just a couple of days.

franz	where are you going?

charlotte	ouch… i hate that fucking thing!

franz	where are you going?

charlotte	where do you think?

franz	you wanna stay for dinner?

charlotte	i can’t i have to finish that poem.

charlotte	i think franz disrespects me every time we have sex.

remo	i would.

charlotte	you know he’s never even heard me read?

remo	readings are boring.

charlotte	what’s a girl got to do to find love in this town?

remo	you could stop living like a cockroach.

charlotte	how am i supposed to do laundry if we’re out of detergent?

remo	i literally saw this guy twice today, grindr is so depressing.

charlotte	how can you tell when clothes are too dirty to wear?

remo	you haven’t even asked how the show is going!

charlotte	i’m sorry… i’m a horrible person, okay?

charlotte	how is the show going?

remo	it’s fine… the photographer just got into town.

remo	he’s american.

charlotte	i hate americans.

remo	oh that reminds me, something came for you today.

charlotte	it’s in german.

remo	you’re a finalist for a poetry grant?

charlotte	what?

remo	you applied for a grant?

charlotte	i do stuff!

remo	i’m so proud of you!

charlotte	you don’t understand, if i get this grant i’ll be like a real adult. like an actual poet. i’ll be published.

Charlotte	people will talk about me.

charlotte	what do i have to do?

charlotte	read it!

charlotte	read it!

remo	okay!

remo	you have to prepare another poem to read in front of the commission

remo	and you schedule it in the next two weeks.

charlotte	so i just have to write the best poem of my life

remo	hey can i wear this tonight?

charlotte	it’d be cute on you.

remo	umm… never mind.

sylvie	man on the chair moves / expanding his legs / to oblivion.

sylvie	it is like he / has a sudden need / to fill theid.

sylvie	theid of everything / with his cells.

sylvie	i stand now in a reality / where only the white / plastic garden chair / is committed to honesty.

charlotte	why does she always get to read before me?

sylvie	i want my body

sylvie	to dance like plastic, when it burns

sylvie	or sway

charlotte	i bet her parents give her money. they have to.

sylvie	close to your heat / my edges get softly uneven

charlotte	do you think she’s prettier than me?

sylvie	but if life has / heat sometimes

remo	why do you think about that?

sylvie	i’m not allowed / to be involved

sylvie	so i would rather / evaporate.

sylvie	thank you.

nathan	thanks sylvie. next, charlotte parks will be reading.

charlotte	thank you for that wonderful reading sylvie.

charlotte	i see on average . pleasant faces a day / and things are fine

charlotte	i know pretty girls / won’t make life bearable

charlotte	but it feels enough sometimes / like they might.

charlotte	that was some dark shit chuck, that you were saying last night

charlotte	i think everyone found it very alienating indeed

charlotte	darling when you said those things / i know you didn’t mean them

charlotte	i know birds shouldn’t be chased out of a sanctuary and shot

charlotte	it’s just that it’s so much fun to do it anyway.

sylvie	wow, that was quite moving!

sylvie	familiar somehow.

charlotte	what’s up sylvie?

sylvie	i heard you are a finalist for the schneiderlein grant?

charlotte	how did you hear that? i literally just found out.

sylvie	remo told me.

sylvie	well i’m a finalist too.

charlotte	i can’t tell you how enthralling that is for me.

remo	actually there’s someone i wanted to introduce you to.

oliver	oh really?

remo	my flatmate!

oliver	oh, your flatmate!

remo	oliver was just telling me how he’s never been with a guy

oliver	yeah it’s embarrassing. really.

charlotte	never too late.

oliver	you’re getting really good.

remo	do you two know each other?

remo	wait… you’re oliver oliver?

charlotte	how could you not tell me he was the photographer?

remo:	you only listen to me if i’m talking about you.

charlotte	this is definitely about me!

remo	sorry!

remo	i’ll be back.

charlotte	what are you doing here?

oliver	i love poetry!

charlotte	berlin!

oliver	i have a solo show.

nathan	oh charlie. hey!

charlotte	ahem.. this is oliver.

oliver	hi

charlotte	he’s from los angeles.

nathan	nice read tonight.

charlotte	thanks.

nathan	you’re a poet too?

oliver	no.

charlotte	no oliver actually takes photographs of naked women.

nathan	okay.

oliver	you wanna smoke outside?

oliver	you fuck that guy?

charlotte	are you jealous already?

oliver	i’m not jealous. just asking as a friend.

charlotte	nathan? you kidding?

oliver	are you homesick?

charlotte	i do kind of miss americans.

charlotte	it’s hard to have a good conversation in english here. all the nuances get lost.

oliver	so how come you’re not a famous poet yet?

oliver	this is why you broke up with me, right? to move here and be a famous writer?

charlotte	i didn’t break up with you.

oliver	you didn’t break up with me? oh!

oliver	it’s funny because i remember you didn’t even say goodbye.

oliver	what?

charlotte	i should actually go.

oliver	when can we hang out again?

charlotte	i don’t think that’s a good idea.

oliver	it’s been a year!

oliver	we’re in berlin together. we can’t hang out?

charlotte	i really hope your show goes well

franz	hallo?

charlotte	it’s me.

oliver	what are you doing here?

charlotte	can i sleep over?

charlotte	i’m so sexy and fun, and fucking doomed.

charlotte	i’m afraid of myself

charlotte	to be honest

charlotte	i’m scary

charlotte	and delicate

charlotte	and i don’t want to die at this party.

charlotte	seriously?

oliver	errr, can i have a cappuccino, please?

charlotte	how do you know where i work?

oliver	aren’t you gonna ask me how i am?

charlotte	how are you?

oliver	not bad. i went to have breakfast on the spree…

charlotte	did you really like my poem last night?

oliver	yeah i did. it felt… honest.

charlotte	do you think it was honest enough?

charlotte	was it more honest than sylvie’s poem?

oliver	who’s sylvie?

charlotte	the girl who read before me.

oliver	i don’t know.

charlotte	that’ll be two fifty.

oliver	you got a break coming up?

charlotte	just took one?

oliver	when’s the next one?

charlotte	never.

oliver	that’s really bad.

oliver	come on, i need to talk to you.

oliver	i buy you an ice cream.

charlotte	i hate ice cream.

charlotte	what do you want to talk to me about?

oliver	i wanted to say that… i know that i did a lot of the things…which…

oliver	but you hurt me a lot, too, you know?

oliver	there was a lot of… that.

oliver	so, i don’t know… but i… so i think it was kind of equal, but i think i just wanted to…

charlotte	are you in some kind of program?

oliver	yeah, maybe i am in some sort of program. so what?

charlotte	honestly oli, it’s fine.

charlotte	it’s a long time ago and i had to get my life together.

charlotte	hi!

charlotte	how’s it going?

franz	did you steal a pair of marianne’s shoes?

charlotte	no!

franz	she’s freaking out. she thinks i’m cheating on her and that i gave them to my other girlfriend!

charlotte	can i see you later?

oliver	are you… are you insane?

oliver	i’m on seriously thin ice here!

charlotte	listening to your domestic issues is the most boring thing ever. just break up already!

oliver	hello?

oliver	hello?

oliver	everything okay?

charlotte	it’s fine.

oliver	okay.

oliver	oh hey, i wanted to talk to you about something else, too.

oliver	i need a new portrait for my show, and i wanted to take a picture of you.

charlotte	don’t you have enough pictures of me?

oliver	i can pay you.

oliver	i’m serious. the gallery is giving me money.

charlotte	i’m out of tobacco.

oliver	what?

charlotte	did you take this show because of me?

oliver	of course not

nathan	emerging the café

nathan	tender

nathan	a gentle greeting

nathan	waving

nathan	fractures the night

nathan	moon kissed streetlamps explode

nathan	one moment / trained and submissive

nathan	your eyes / take bait brilliant

nathan	the listless miracle / gleam pilfered

nathan	dazzling

nathan	held in place

nathan	a shrug sends it away

nathan	lonely calls to return

nathan	discerning auriculars / fickle, at night.

charlotte	what the fuck are discerning auriculars?

nathan	we’re not supposed to ask questions yet.

charlotte	does anyone else know what that is?

nathan	the feathers that cover birds ears.

nathan	it’s called “urban owl”.

poet # 1	i love the imagery of the moon and the pupil.

Poet # 1	stealing light. stopping everything.

sylvie	catching an owl, a street lamp, scaring it off…

sylvie	refusing to listen…

sylvie	it’s such a beautiful metaphor!

charlotte	is it?

charlotte	come on nathan!

charlotte	i mean nothing happens.

charlotte	like i look at an owl, owl flies away.

charlotte	you’re setting it up, but you’re missing any opportunity for conviction.

Poet # 1	are there owls in cities?

nathan	i actually saw an owl once in berlin.

poet # 2	there are no owls in berlin.

poet # 3	yes there are!

charlotte	who cares if you saw an owl!

charlotte	how did it make you feel?

nathan	i was sad.

charlotte	well then put that in the poem!

poet # 1	yeah i agree with that.

nathan	okay.

nathan	thanks everyone.

nathan	charlie? you were gonna read something tonight?

charlotte	it’s a work in progress.

charlotte	i’m so sexy and fun, and fucking doomed.

nathan	charlie?

poet # 4	buy guys

charlotte	what’s up?

nathan	can i ask you a favour?

nathan	i have a couple of poems that i could really use your help on.

nathan	you think we could meet up and you could give me your thoughts?

charlotte	oh… stuff is really crazy for me right now. i don’t know whether i’m gonna have time.

nathan	well maybe i could help you with your grant poem!

charlotte	maybe…

charlotte	bye.

sylvie	ciao.

nathan	ciao.

sylvie	hey! wait up!

charlotte	hey.

sylvie	what were you and nathan talking about?

charlotte	none of your business sylvie!

sylvie	how’s it going with the grant poem?

charlotte	amazing.

sylvie	you know, the schneiderlein people, they take plagiarism quite seriously.

sylvie	i mean, you may have everyone else fooled. but i know kenneth koch when i hear him.

charlotte	immature poets imitate, mature poets steal.

sylvie	yeah. i’m sure they will see it that way.

charlotte	tobacco bitte

clerk	welchen?

charlotte	american spirit.

charlotte	i’m so sexy and fun, and fucking doomed

charlotte	i’m afraid of myself

charlotte	to be honest, i’m scary

charlotte	and delicate, and i don’t want to die at this party

charlotte	wimpering in white shorts

charlotte	or laughing maniacally in my safari hat

sales clerk	hey!

police officer wendt	what are you doing here in berlin?

charlotte	i’m a poet.

police officer wendt	why did you steal these clothes?

charlotte	because i can’t afford them.

police officer wendt	you foreigners!

police officer wendt	how long have you been here? over a year?

police officer wendt	can you even speak one word of german?

charlotte	ein cappuccino bitte.

police officer wendt	sehr beeindruckend.

police officer wendt	aber ich wette du verstehst kein wortn dem, was ich jetzt sage.

charlotte	ok i don’t speak german!

police officer wendt	if you ever enter that store again, you’ll be immediately arrested!

charlotte	can i at least keep the shoes?

court translator	euer ehren, ich bin nu rein subjekt des spätkapitalismus und versuche, in einem brutalen und ungerechten system zurecht zu kommen.


court translator	liegt nicht die schuld für mein vergehen in wirklichkeit bei der kulturindustrie

court translator	die mir solche wünsche einpflanzt und mir dann nicht die mittel gibt, sie zu erfüllen?

court translator	ich weiß ja, dass ich nur eine den marktinteressen folgende konsumentin sein soll.

court translator	aber bin ich nicht genauso ein opfer, wie der laden,n dem ich gestohlen habe, wenn nicht sogar mehr?

court translator	ich soll diese waren doch begehren.

court translator	denken sie nicht, dass sie mir zustehen, wenn ich bereit bin, sie zu stehlen?

remo	everything is gonna be alright

charlotte	no it’s not

charlotte	i can’t finish this poem, franz doesn’t love me, i don’t have any money, i’m gonna have to go to jail!

charlotte	why does everything bad keep happening to me?

remo	darling, they don’t send people to jail for being losers!

charlotte	i got arrested for stealing

remo	seriously?

charlotte	don’t tell anybody!

charlotte	and if i don’t come up with eight hundred euro, i have to go to jail.

charlotte	do you have eight hundred euro?

remo	i don’t have ten euros!

remo	but don’t worry, we’ll figure this out.

charlotte	i should just kill myself.

remo	hey, do you wanna go to a party?

charlotte	whose party?

remo	another one?

charlotte	not yet.

charlotte	did you ever watch kathy ackers blue tape?

remo	yeah i think so.

charlotte	in it she said, alan sondheim reads that letter she wrote him, and…

charlotte	she says that her desire for sondheim comes out of this dark wish to fuck your father.

charlotte	but ultimately only to destroy him.

charlotte	and i’ve been thinking about it and i realized…

charlotte	you know my dad, he’s the first emotionally withholding guy who doesn’t like me.

charlotte	and i’ve been cycling through that trauma.

charlotte	i’ve been trying to fill thatid of parental love for so long, and now i’m at a point where…

charlotte	i don’t know, i don’t know if i’ll be able to be with somebody!

charlotte	i mean i’m ready, i’m ready to be a great partner for a perfect, hot person who will never leave me…

charlotte	but at this point, i just can’t imagine doing that. i feel like my father has actually ruined my life irreparably.

remo	franz isn’t texting you back?

charlotte	no, he hasn’t texted me fucking once!

remo	hey, why don’t you borrow the money from oliver?

charlotte	i’d rather go to jail than give him that power over me.

charlotte	do you think you could kill someone?

remo	who do you want to kill?

charlotte	sylvie. then i wouldn’t have to worry about winning that grant.

remo	i always pictured you as more of a narcissist than a sociopath

charlotte	you think i’m a narcissist?

oliver	hallo!

remo	hey, how’s it going?

oliver	hey good, how are you?

remo	good, too.

oliver	hi.

charlotte	hi.

remo	you want a bump?

charlotte	he’s actually sober, he’s in a program.

remo	yeah? which one?

charlotte	does anyone feel like dancing?

remo	why did you two break up anyway? what happened?

oliver	i cheated on her

oliver	i was just starting to get a little work, you know? it was different then.

oliver	i really lost myself. you know what i mean?

oliver	you say that here? to lose yourself?

oliver	it’s funny though, i thought she would always hit it before me.

oliver	suddenly i feel like dancing.

charlotte	oh my god, hi!

charlotte	what are you doing here?

franz	i snug out for a few hours.

charlotte	this is oliver. he’s a photographer.

franz	hey, perfect!

charlotte	you want a beer?

franz	yes!

sylvie	hast du feuer?

oliver	what?

sylvie	a lighter.

oliver	oh, yeah.

sylvie	thanks.

oliver	you’re the poet, right?

sylvie	sylvie.

oliver	oliver.

sylvie	nice to meet you, oliver.

marianne	hey!

marianne	are you charlie?

sylvie	did you come?

oliver	no, i was a bit distracted.

sylvie	with what?

oliver	err, just the show i think.

sylvie	so you’re charlie’s ex?

oliver	yeah.

sylvie	was she always such a conniving little thief?

oliver	what do you mean?

sylvie	i mean, every word she write is straight from the new york school.

oliver	i like her poems.

oliver	have you seen my pants?

oliver	would you let me photograph you?

dentist	fertig.

charlotte	danke.

franz	marianne went through my phone this morning.

charlotte	she cracked my tooth!

franz	she’s crazy!

charlotte	wasn’t she leaving again in a couple of days?

franz	she’s going to take some time off.

charlotte	and you?

charlotte	okay.

franz	i’m sorry, i just…

charlotte	remo?

charlotte	remo?

charlotte	remo?

charlotte	i’m so sexy and fun / and fucking doomed

charlotte	i’m afraid of myself / to be honest / i’m scary

charlotte	and delicate / and i don’t want to die at this party

charlotte	wimpering in white shorts

charlotte	or laughing maniacally / in my safari hat

charlotte	white praying / white gloved hands / and out there / kitten soft / stirring in the night and stiff…

blake	how often do you cook?

remo	you’re mean!

charlotte	oh cute, you’re home.

remo	hey!

blake	no i’m joking. it’s really good, thank you.

remo	this is blake.

blake	hi.

charlotte	franz broke up with me.

remo	what happened to your face?

charlotte	his girlfriend punched me.

blake	you look like a rapper.

remo	darling, are you depressed?

charlotte	i think i’m in shock probably.

remo	hey we’re going out dancing if you want to come?

charlotte	i think i’m gonna stay here and figure out how to get my life together.

charlotte	hey blake, do you have  euro i could borrow?

blake	what?

charlotte	nevermind.

charlotte	goodnight.

remo	sorry about that.

blake	is she always like this?

remo	yes.

charlotte	i’m selling my precious bicycle.

charlotte	i have a bond with this thing, so whoever buys it needs to respect this bond.

charlotte	and even though you will establish your own bond with it.

charlotte	you must comprehend that it…

charlotte	will never mean as much, as the bond we have already established.

charlotte	three hundred euro.

smartphoneice	ich verkaufe mein kostbares fahrrad

smartphoneice	ich habe eine bindung an diese sache, also wer es kauft…

smartphoneice	muss diese bindung respektieren…

nathan	prost.

charlotte	prost.

charlotte	umm… i’m actually here because i need a favour.

nathan	really? what is it? anything.

charlotte	do you have  euro?

nathan	oh.

charlotte	i can’t really go into detail

charlotte	but… if i don’t get it i might have to leave berlin

nathan	seriously?

nathan	err charlie… i don’t know.

charlotte	you’re the only person i can trust.

nathan	my parents would just kill me if i gave you that much, so… no…

charlotte	holy shit!

charlotte	oh my god, are you okay?

nathan	yeah i’m… errrm…

charlotte	hey…

charlotte	why don’t you read me one of your poems?

charlotte	errrr…

charlotte	i’m gonna go.

nathan	okay.

shelly	sooo… i give you two hundred and fifty.

charlotte	it’s non-negotiable.

shelly	throw in the lock!

charlotte	okay.

charlotte	you can change the combination, you just need to look up how on youtube.

shelly	so what’s the combo now?

charlotte	six six six six six.

shelly	that was easy.

shelly	so i give you one hundred first… and the rest.

charlotte	bye.

shelly	see ya.

oliver	hey… did you sell your bike?

charlotte	things aren’t going so hot right now.

charlotte	did you bring the money?

oliver	i still have to pick it up from the gallery, sorry.

charlotte	it’s okay.

oliver	what happened to your face?

oliver	that’s good that’s good

charlotte	what?

charlotte	what?

oliver	can we turn it up a little bit?

charlotte	what do you mean?

oliver	you know… like we used to?

oliver	jesus… fuck, man.

remo	hey oliver!

remo	you have a visitor.

charlotte	okay.

oliver	oh hey dude!

oliver	alright… bye chuck.

charlotte	so that’s it? you left her?

franz	we’re done.

franz	i just want to be with you.

charlotte	where are you gonna live?

franz	i thought i move in here for a bit while we look for a place?

charlotte	you wanna get a place together?

charlotte	can you afford that?

franz	with roommates?

charlotte	i already have a roommate!

franz	i thought this is what you wanted!

franz	don’t you love me?

charlotte	yeah.

oliver	this is nice.

charlotte	it is nice.

charlotte	i’m organizing a poetry meeting tomorrow.

charlotte	do you want to come?

franz	sure.

nathan	hey… i’m really sorry about the other night.

charlotte	can we not… do this?

nathan	listen, i can’t give you eight hundred, i can’t.

charlotte	nathan i shouldn’t have even asked, it was inappropriate.

nathan	but you should take this!

nathan	it’s two hundred and i can spare it.

charlotte	really?

nathan	yeah.

nathan	i insist.

charlotte	okay.

charlotte	thanks.

nathan	you’re welcome.

charlotte	should we get started soon?

nathan	oh yeah, sure, yeah.

sylvie	reading one of your funny poems tonight?

charlotte	fuck off sylvie.

sylvie	couldn’t find anything else to steal?

charlotte	i guess i haven’t been feeling very inspired lately.

sylvie	well i found your friend oliver very inspiring.

sylvie	he’s really cool.

charlotte	you guys hung out?

sylvie	took my photo.

sylvie	was really fun.

sylvie	he’s so professional.

nathan	ok guys, i think we’re ready to go!

charlotte	one sec!

oliver	i have your money.

oliver	three hundred.

charlotte	thanks.

oliver	what’s wrong?

charlotte	you took photos of sylvie?

oliver	who?

charlotte	the poet.

oliver	oh… yeah.

oliver	yeah she’s great, yeah.

charlotte	did you sleep together?

charlotte	enjoy the reading

franz	hello?

charlotte	where are you?

franz	i’m sorry, i think i’m just so tired. i stay in tonight.

charlotte	you mean stay in… stay in my room!

franz	i see you when you get back, ok? have a fun time!

charlotte	fuck!

nathan	good evening everybody, thank you for coming. our first read tonight is sylvie lennox.

sylvie	this is called… unentitlement.

burglar	gib mir deine kohle!

charlotte	i don’t speak german!

burglar	gib mir deine kohle!

charlotte	i don’t speak fucking german!

burglar	money… please… now!

marianne	hey!

marianne	hey!

marianne	you ok?

marianne	we should call the police!

charlotte	i’m not really in a great spot with the police right now.

charlotte	he didn’t hurt me or anything.

charlotte	what were you doing here anyway?

marianne	i wanted to apologize, for your face.

marianne	i was really upset.

charlotte	it’s ok. i deserved it.

charlotte	doesn’t matter anyway. i’m going to jail.

marianne	what?

charlotte	i steal stuff. i can’t help it.

charlotte	i just like it.

marianne	hey, i have some beers at my place!

charlotte	why not.

marianne	do you have any drugs?

marianne	i wanna get fucked up.

charlotte	are you sure that’s a good idea?

marianne	you have something?

charlotte	i might have some speed.

marianne	well break it out.

charlotte	i’m okay.

charlotte	that’s pretty baller.

charlotte	five hundred euro.

marianne	i’m fucking rich. didn’t you know that?

marianne	i was paying for that piece of shit to live.

marianne	wow… this is strong!

charlotte	i think i’m gonna go.

marianne	you sit!

marianne	i’m super high right now, you can’t leave me alone!

charlotte	can i smoke in here?

charlotte	great.

marianne	can i ask you a question?

charlotte	sure.

marianne	did you steal my shoes?

charlotte	i steal a lot of things.

marianne	my boyfriend you can keep, the shoes i want back

charlotte	i don’t have them.

marianne	you’re a liar.

charlotte	i really have to… i should really go.

marianne	hey!

marianne	that was my favourite pair of shoes!

charlotte	i don’t have them!

charlotte	get off me!

franz	hey… what time is it?

charlotte	go back to sleep. i’ll be right there.

charlotte	hey

franz	marianne is dead

charlotte	what?

franz	her mother just called me.

charlotte	what happened?

franz	they don’t know.

charlotte	ummm…

charlotte	i have to meet a friend for brunch.

charlotte	but i come back here after and we’ll figure this all out, ok?

oliver	hey.

charlotte	hey.

oliver	what’s wrong?

charlotte	something happened.

oliver	like what?

charlotte	it’s fucked up!

oliver	how fucked up?

charlotte	like that one time.

oliver	oh.

oliver	i thought you’re getting your life together.

oliver	what do you need?

charlotte	can i say i was with you last night?

oliver	will you come back to la with me?

charlotte	i don’t know.

charlotte	what’s going on?

remo	they just arrested franz.

charlotte	what?

charlotte	why?

remo	apparently he killed marianne.

charlotte	no!

charlotte	are you okay?

remo	i can’t believe i’ve been here all morning alone with a murderer!

remo	did you know? did you suspect anything?

charlotte	hallo?

charlotte	yes.

charlotte	of course.

charlotte	tomorrow?

charlotte	no problem.

detective	so…

detective	your full name?

charlotte	charlotte parks.

detective	and what is your occupation?

charlotte	i’m a poet.

detective	you’re here on an artist visa?

charlotte	yeah. for a year.

detective	and what is your relation to franz?

charlotte	he was my boyfriend.

charlotte	i guess we were having an affair.

detective	did you know him to be violent-tempered?

charlotte	no.

charlotte	not especially.

detective	can i ask your whereabouts last night around two?

charlotte	sure.

charlotte	there was a poetry reading at the café i work at and then i was with my ex-boyfriend.

charlotte	his name is oliver ross.

detective	where did you get that?

charlotte	marianne.

charlotte	she punched me in the face.

detective	you must have been angry with her.

charlotte	i didn’t really care about her at all.

charlotte	can i see franz?

charlotte	hey

franz	i don’t know what’s happening.

franz	i didn’t do this!

charlotte	i know.

charlotte	doesn’t make any sense.

franz	why would i hurt her?

franz	you believe me, don’t you?

charlotte	of course.

charlotte	things are so crazy right now.

charlotte	i mean, i haven’t even figured out my grant poem yet, and the thing is tomorrow.

franz	what?

charlotte	my grant poem.

charlotte	that thing i’m up for.

charlotte	i don’t even know what i’m gonna write about, and sylvie, she has been…

franz	how can you talk about this right now?

charlotte	i’m sorry. i guess i don’t know what to say.

franz	i found her shoes.

charlotte	whose shoes?

franz	marianne’s shoes.

franz	they were in your garbage can.

charlotte	i guess i stole them.

franz	what’s wrong with you?

charlotte	i burn the way money burns.

charlotte	hi.

charlotte	do you know who i see about paying a fine?

sales clerk	bitte?

charlotte	i’d like to buy this shirt, please.

charlotte	hi

head application officer	welcome, charlotte. thanks for coming in

head application officer	please have a seat

head application officer	please begin whenever you’re ready.

charlotte	if i’m going to endure / i have to know there are things money can’t buy

charlotte	but here are some things that aren’t one of them

charlotte	champagne / ocelots / and other exotic pets

charlotte	and sex

charlotte	ribbons / tied around your wrists / or neck

charlotte	great long books about libidinal drives

charlotte	sushi

charlotte	property / influence / and ancient artifacts

charlotte	television networks

charlotte	scented candles / satin sheets on memory foam mattresses

charlotte	expensive / and drenched with sweat

charlotte	tickets to the ballet / roses / and bread too

charlotte	and everyday life becomes more joyful

charlotte	tennis courts / fine cuts of red meat / and a chef to prepare

charlotte	a maid to serve

charlotte	a bow

charlotte	even a life has a price

charlotte	but the thing about bodies / is that they’re soft / and inside are bones that break

charlotte	and organs that rot and rot and rot and rot

charlotte	slowly but inevitably

charlotte	and money doesn’t stop it.

charlotte	i missed you too!
