




(SEXY WIVES SINDROME)
 




John	That was incredible.

Lucy	We aim to please, "Sugar".

John	(filtered) So when do I get to see you again?

Lucy	(filtered) Just call me anytime, sweetheart. For you, I'll make room in the schedule.

John	(normal voice) That's exactly what I wanted to hear. Consider that a retainer.

Lucy	(filtered) Thank you very much, darlin'.

Professor Jones	Remarkable, Doctor. What an amazing turnabout.	

Dr. Anderson	Indeed. Hard to believe she's only arrived at the clinic less than ten days ago. 

Professor Jones	Doctor, I would say that your treatments are a resounding success. The role-playing scenarios have completely reversed her crumbling marriage. 

Dr. Anderson	We're not quite through yet, Professor. There's still a few more levels to go before she'll be ready to return to a normal life.	

Professor Jones	Still, in all, very impressive. Carry on.

Dr. Anderson	Oh...

Carol	(filtered) Oh!

Professor Jones	(filtered) Oh! Doctor, are you alright?

Dr. Anderson	Uh...I am now.	

Professor Jones	What happened?

Dr. Anderson	I'm not sure. Some sort of dizzy spell.

Professor Jones	Well, if that continues, you come and see me, alright?

Dr. Anderson	I...I'm sure it's nothing.	

Professor Jones	Alright. Well, I can't afford to lose my most efficient staff member, understood?

Dr. Anderson	Understood. It's nothing to worry about.

Professor Jones	Alright. Come and see me in the study later and we'll compare notes. 

Dr. Anderson	I'll be there. You can count on it. Yes, Kayla?

Kayla	Doctor Anderson, I'm so sorry. I don't mean to bother you, but your one o'clock has been pacing the floors for nearly a half an hour now.

Dr. Anderson	Alright, just do me a favor, ask her to take a seat. I'm with another patient and I'll be there shortly.

Kayla	Right. Missus Reed? I've just heard from Doctor Anderson and unfortunately we've had a small emergency with one of our other clients. But, she told me to tell you that she's gonna be with you within the next twenty minutes.	

Diana	Thank you. I think I made a mistake.	

Kayla	Wait! Where are you going?

Diana	(sighs) I'm sorry. I just think I shouldn't have come here in the first place.

Kayla	No, wait, please. I know you must be very nervous, but if you've come to our clinic today with a sexual or a marital problem, I'm quite sure that Doctor Anderson will be able to help you. I personally have seen her work wonders with other women just like you. 

Diana	I don't know...

Kayla	You've come all this way and you've waited up until now. At least meet with her.

Diana	I suppose you're right.

Kayla	I am right. Now come with me. I think you could use a drink. (laughs)

Diana	Alright, good.

Lucy	Oh, Doctor...I can't thank you enough. You've changed everything.	 

Dr. Anderson	Yes. I just saw your husband in the foyer. He looked really happy. So, it seems the treatment's working marvelously. 

Lucy	Miraculously, I would say. I mean, John and I are closer now than we've ever been -- even tighter than when we first got married.	 

Dr. Anderson	Yes, well, that's the plan. Before you leave the clinic, you should be totally renewed and uninhibited.	

Lucy	Well, I feel that way already.  

Dr. Anderson	Yeah, well, just a little longer. I want John to desire you as his partner forever.

Lucy	Do you really think he will? I mean, his love won't wear off, will it?	 

Dr. Anderson	No, and neither should his lust, provided you keep the relationship alive with fresh ideas.

Lucy	Well, what do you mean? 

Dr. Anderson	Have you ever considered exploring his sensual side with another woman?  	

Lucy	Umm, I've never done that before. I mean, I've thought about it, but that's all it's ever been. You know, sort of a secret fantasy? 

Dr. Anderson	Yeah, well, maybe it's time you experience it for real?	

Lucy	You mean...?	 

Dr. Anderson	Don't worry, Lucy. It's all part of the inclusive package.

Song Lyrics	Woo-woo-woo, ah, ah, oh, Woo-woo-woo, ah, ah, oh, Woo-woo-woo, ah, ah, oh, Woo-woo-woo, ah, ah, oh,  I’m gonna make you find objects of my desire, ooh. I’m gonna make you find objects of my desire, ooh. Bah-bah-bah-bah, yeah, bah-bah-bah-bah, ooh! Bah-bah-bah-bah, bah-bah, bah-bah-bah, yeah! Bah-bah-bah-bah, yeah, bah-bah-bah-bah, ooh, yeah! Bah-bah-bah-bah, bah-bah, bah-bah-bah, yeah! Hey, yeah! Doo-doo, doo-doo-doo Hey, yeah! Doo-doo, doo-doo-doo Uh-uh-uh, oh! Uh-uh-uh, yeah! Uh-uh-uh, yes! Uh-uh-uh-uh, uh-uh-uh-uh-uh...Uh-uh-oh, yeah! Uh-uh-oh, oh!  Uh-uh-oh, yes! Uh-uh-oh...I’m gonna make you find objects of my desire, ooh. I’m gonna make you find objects of my desire, ooh. Uh-uh, oh-oh, give me Uh-uh, oh-oh, harder, Uh-uh, oh-oh, oh, lovely, Uh-uh, oh-oh, oh, do it. I’m gonna make you find objects of my desire, ooh. I’m gonna make you find objects of my desire, ooh. Ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho! Ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho! Do it! Do it! (echoes) Do it! Do it! (echoes) Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh...
	Desire... burning... passion, cumming! I’m gonna make you find objects of my desire, ooh. I’m gonna make you find objects of my desire, ooh. Woo-woo-woo, ah, ah, oh, Woo-woo-woo, ah, ah, oh, I’m gonna make you find objects of my desire, ooh. I’m gonna make you find objects of my desire, ooh. I’m gonna make you find objects of my desire, ooh. Bah-bah-bah-bah, yeah, bah-bah-bah-bah, ooh! Bah-bah-bah-bah, bah-bah, bah-bah-bah, yeah! Bah-bah-bah-bah, yeah, bah-bah-bah-bah, ooh, fuck, yeah! 
	Bah-bah-bah-bah, bah-bah, bah-bah-bah, yeah! I’m gonna make you find objects of my desire, ooh. I’m gonna make you find objects of my desire, ooh. Hey, yeah! Doo-doo, doo-doo-doo Hey, yeah! Doo-doo, doo-doo-doo Uh-uh-oh, yeah! Uh-uh-oh, oh! Uh-uh-oh, yes! Uh-uh-oh... Uh-uh-oh, yeah! Uh-uh-oh, oh! Uh-uh-oh, ooh! Uh-uh-oh...I’m gonna make you find objects of my desire, ooh...

Kayla	Here we go. 	

Diana	I've never been in a doctor's office that serves liquor before.  

Kayla	Well, technically we're not a doctor's office. (laughs) We like to think of ourselves as sort of a spa for women's sensual healing.	

Diana	Sounds good to me.

Kayla	(laughs) 

Diana	You know, Nurse...Belmont? You've got yourself a wonderful bedside manner.

Kayla	(laughs) So they tell me. And by the way, it's "Kayla". We like to use first names around here. It's more friendly. (laughs) 

Diana	Well, then, Kayla, let's get friendly. 

Song Lyrics	(sighs) I want your love, I’ve got to have it. I need your love, I’ve got to feel it. I want your touch, I’ve got to have it. I need your lust, I’ve got to feel it. Love tonight, feels so bright Love excites, my headlights I want your love, 
	I’ve got to have it. I need your love, I’ve got to feel it. I want your touch, 
	I’ve got to have it. I need your lust, I’ve got to feel it. Oh, yeah, oh, yeah
	oh yeah, oh, yeah Hay rolling, french kissing keep loving, sex making I want your love, I’ve got to have it. I need your love, I’ve got to feel it. I want your touch, I’ve got to have it. I need your lust, I’ve got to feel it. I want your love, I’ve got to have it. I need your love, I’ve got to feel it. I want your touch, I’ve got to have it. I need your lust, I’ve got to feel it. I want your love, I’ve got to have it. I need your love, I’ve got to feel it. I want your touch, I’ve got to have it. I need your lust, I’ve got to feel it. I want your love, I’ve got to have it. I need your love, I’ve got to feel it. I want your touch, I’ve got to have it. I need your lust, I’ve got to feel it. I want your love, I’ve got to have it. I need your love, I’ve got to feel it. I want your touch, I’ve got to have it. I need your lust, I’ve got to feel it. I want your love, I’ve got to have it. I need your love, I’ve got to feel it. I want your touch, I’ve got to have it. I need your lust, I’ve got to feel it. I want your love, I’ve got to have it. I need your love, I’ve got to feel it. I want your touch, I’ve got to have it. I need your lust, I’ve got to feel it. I want your love, I’ve got to have it. I need your love, I’ve got to feel it. I want your touch...I’ve got to have it. I need your ...

Dr. Anderson	So, it says here on your application you've been having some problems with your husband, Mark? What sort of problems? Come now, Miss Reed.	

Diana	Please, call me "Diana". 

Dr. Anderson	Okay, Diana, you're gonna have to realize the first step to solving your personal issues is talking to somebody that can actually help. 

Diana	Well, I guess it started five years ago, when I first met Mark on one of those online dating services. I know it sounds cliche'ed, but, I feel it was love at first sight. From the moment we connected, he put me on this pedestal and wouldn't let me down. Everything I desired, he made sure I got it fancy clothes, jewelry, a Mercedes. He's a very well-off stockbroker, so, money was never an issue for us.   

Dr. Anderson	So what is the issue?

Diana	I feel like our sexual relationship never got out of first gear. 

Dr. Anderson	How so?

Diana	When we make love, it's like I'm a princess.

Dr. Anderson	There's a lot of women out there that would envy that.

Diana	I didn't mean it exactly like that. It's more like I'm this priceless porcelain doll and he's afraid he'll shatter me if he gets too close. 

Dr. Anderson	Or, too crazy?

Diana	Exactly.

Dr. Anderson	So, what you're telling me is that your lovemaking is strictly by-the-book.

Diana	He's so afraid to venture out of the norm...not to mention try something new.	

Dr. Anderson	Okay, Diana, well, this may come as somewhat of a shock to you, but you're not the first woman to go through similar circumstances. As a matter of fact, Professor Jones, the owner of the clinic, has dedicated an entire chapter to "S.W.S." in his latest book.	

Diana	"S.W.S."?	

Dr. Anderson	It stands for "Sexy Wives Syndrome". 	

Diana	What's that?

Dr. Anderson	It's a treatable medical condition that occurs when a man weds a beautiful woman. It can fester to the point where he believes she may even walk out of his life. Then the threat of losing his spouse to another man or even another woman can inhibit his performance in the bedroom. 

Diana	That's terrible.	

Dr. Anderson	It's a vicious cycle that can grow very acute over a period of time to a point where even a sexually-charged man will refrain from intercourse with his wife for fear of hurting her in some way, not realizing that his "non-actions" can drive her away faster than any man could ever seduce her.

Diana	Well...well I feel like Mark isn't there yet, but I...I see that it could happen. 

Dr. Anderson	How so?	

Diana	Last week, I suggested making love in the daytime. (laughs) I swear, he looked like a scared rabbit. 

Dr. Anderson	Was he able to perform?

Diana	Oh, he did fine, but, I could feel he felt nervous, veering from the usual...

Song Lyrics	Pussy, pussy, bang, bang. Pussy, pussy, bang, bang. Pussy, pussy, bang, bang. Pussy, pussy, bang, bang. Pussy, pussy, bang, bang. Pussy, pussy, bang, bang. Pussy, pussy, bang, bang. Pussy, pussy, bang, bang. Pussy, pussy, bang, bang. Pussy, pussy, bang, bang. Yeah, come on! Yeah, come on! Pussy, pussy, bang, bang. Pussy, pussy, bang, bang. Pussy, pussy, bang, bang. Pussy, pussy, bang, bang. Pussy, pussy, bang, bang. Pussy, pussy, bang, bang. Pussy, pussy, bang, bang. Pussy, pussy, bang, bang. Pussy, pussy, bang, bang. Pussy, pussy, bang, bang. Pussy, pussy, bang, bang. 
	Pussy, pussy, bang, bang. Pussy, pussy, bang, bang. Pussy, pussy, bang, bang. Pussy, pussy, bang, bang. Pussy, pussy, bang, bang. Ooh, aw, babe, aw, babe, yeah! Ooh, aw, babe, aw, babe...Pussy, pussy, bang, bang. Pussy, pussy, bang, bang. Pussy, pussy, bang, bang. Pussy, pussy, bang, bang. Pussy, pussy, bang, bang. Pussy, pussy, bang, bang. Pussy, pussy, bang, bang. Pussy, pussy, bang, bang. Pussy, pussy, bang, bang. Pussy, pussy, bang, bang. Pussy, pussy, bang, bang. Pussy, pussy, bang, bang. Pussy, pussy, bang, bang. Pussy, pussy, bang, bang. Pussy, pussy, bang, bang. Pussy, pussy, bang, bang. Pussy, pussy, bang, bang. 
	 
Diana	When it was all done, he was quick to get back to his normal routine. It was like he was embarrassed by it all. 

Dr. Anderson	Look, Diana...I want you to take this prescription home. Slip one of these pills in his meal tonight. It's a mind-altering stimulant that just may help him take you down off that pedestal he's had you on for so long. 
Diana	Thank you, Doctor, but...	

Dr. Anderson	But what?

Diana	But what if it doesn't work?

Dr. Anderson	If it doesn't work, you bring him here to the clinic for a few days, we'll have you in shape in no time. 

Diana	Wow. Thank you so much. Please say goodbye to your lovely assistant for me.

Dr. Anderson	I will. And call me and let me know how it goes tonight.

Diana	I will.

Dr. Anderson	Umm...oh, god...

Professor Jones	(filtered) No! Oh...

Carol	(filtered) Help! 
	
Dr. Anderson	(gasps) Yes, Kayla?
	
Kayla	Um, Doctor, there's a bit of a complication out by the pool.

Dr. Anderson	(filtered) What seems to be the problem?

Kayla	Um, I think you just better come out.

Dr. Anderson	Okay, honey, I'll be right other. Just give me a minute. 

Lucy	Uh!	

Mandy	Uh!

Kayla	Ladies, ladies! Please stop! You're disturbing the other patients! Calm yourselves down!  

Lucy	I will not calm down! Not until this "Orange County slut" here takes back what she said about me.

Mandy	Slut? I'm not the one turning tricks out of my bedroom for a hundred bucks.

Lucy	For the last time, it wasn't "a john", it was my husband John, you stupid whore!

Mandy	Whore? Well, why don't I take some of your overflow when you're a little too busy?

Lucy	Oh...

Kayla	Oh, my goodness! There's no need for that! 

Mandy	Ooh!

Dr. Anderson	What's going on here, ladies?

Lucy	She called me a prostitute -- said I was turning tricks out of the clinic.

Dr. Anderson	And just where did you get this defamatory from notion, Mandy?

Mandy	Someone on the staff.

Dr. Anderson	Who are we talking about?

Mandy	Shug.

Dr. Anderson	Who did you say?

Mandy	Shug!

Dr. Anderson	That's what I thought you said. So let me get this straight you're spreading lies that some uniformed orderly told you as opposed to coming to myself or someone else here on the staff?

Mandy	Sorry.

Dr. Anderson	And as far as what Lucy's saying here, she's telling you the truth. I am using the "Streetwalker Fantasy" for her and her husband sexually, much like the "Polar Bear Technique" that I'm using for you and your mate.

Kayla	Told ya so. 

Mandy	I said I was sorry. It won't happen again...I swear.

Dr. Anderson	Okay, I expect you to play nice now. I mean, how do you ever expect to get past your repressed issues if you can't find a common ground, understand? Good. I'm gonna leave you in Kayla's hands here. She's gonna help you patch things up. Kayla, make 'em feel better.

Kayla	Right. So, ladies, what do you say to an "oil change"?  

Lucy	Lube me up!

Kayla	(laughs)

Mandy	I'm ready. (laughs) Ooh...

Song Lyrics	Oh-ho-ho-ho-ho! Uh-huh-huh, uh-huh-huh, yeah! Uh-huh-huh, uh-huh-huh, yeah! Come on, come on, Come on, come on, come on, oh Baby, baby, baby, baby...Baby, baby, alright Come on, come on. Come on, come on, come on...Oh yeah, let's go don't just sit there all alone show some love, baby just me and you Ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh Ooh-ooh-ooh it's alright Ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh Ooh-ooh-ooh it's alright Oh-ho-ho-ho-ho! Uh-huh-huh, uh-huh-huh, yeah! Uh-huh-huh, uh-huh-huh, yeah! Dance, yeah nah-nah-nah, nah-nah-nah-nah-nah Oh, yeah, nah-nah-nah, nah-nah-nah-nah-nah Dance, yeah, nah-nah-nah, nah-nah-nah-nah-nah Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah Get down now, just don't stop Ah, um-hmm, ah, oh, umm Umm, ah! Oh-ho-ho-ho-ho! Uh-huh-huh, uh-huh-huh, yeah! Oh-ho-ho-ho-ho! Uh-huh-huh, uh-huh-huh, yeah! Just one thing to tell you, babe Think about it
	Come on, everybody get a little crazy, baby Come on everybody, where's the pain? Oh yeah, let's go don't just sit there all alone too slow show some love, baby just me and you, uh-huh Ooh, come on, ooh-ooh-ooh Ooh-ooh-ooh it's alright Ooh, come on, ooh-ooh-ooh Ooh-ooh-ooh it's alright Oh-ho-ho-ho-ho! Uh-huh-huh, uh-huh-huh, yeah!  Oh-ho-ho-ho-ho! Uh-huh-huh, uh-huh-huh, yeah! Dance, yeah nah-nah-nah, nah-nah-nah-nah-nah Oh, yeah, nah-nah-nah, nah-nah-nah-nah-nah Dance, yeah, nah-nah-nah, nah-nah-nah-nah-nah Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah...

Dr. Anderson	Do you got a minute, professor?

Professor Jones	Yes. I was just going over my notes regarding the lesbians up on the second floor. Why? 

Dr. Anderson	I need to talk to you about this orderly you hired recently -- Fisher, I think his name is?

Professor Jones	"Shug"? Why, what's he up to? No good, I suppose?

Dr. Anderson	Apparently not. He has been telling some tales to Mandy regarding our most confidential sex experiments here at the clinic.

Professor Jones	That is no good. 

Dr. Anderson	So, should I fire him?

Professor Jones	I'd give him a second chance. But, uh, be firm and let him know if he screws up again, he's out.

Dr. Anderson	Done! So, you don't happen to know where I can find him right now?

Professor Jones	Uh, I believe I last saw him in the workout room. 	

Dr. Anderson	Okay, thank you.

Shug	(sighs) Uh. Ooh! Hey, Doc'! First time I've seen you in here.	

Dr. Anderson	Well, that's because this room is for patients only. 

Shug	Damn! I didn't know that! The room is mostly always empty, like now. I just come in, you know, between breaks to stay fit.

Dr. Anderson	Well, I think you should start looking for somewhere else to exercise. 

Shug	Will do.

Dr. Anderson	And I also think that you should keep what happens around this clinic strictly to yourself. Telling lies about the patients here can be hazardous to your wallet.

Shug	I totally get the picture, Doc'. My lips are sealed. 

Dr. Anderson	Well, don't over-compensate. They shouldn't be sealed all the time.

Song Lyrics	(filtered) There’s something about it that seems hypnotic. Uh-huh. I think I’ve heard them. Mm-hmm. There’s something about it that seems hypnotic. Come here, feel baby, light hair. Peach show, heads grow, go low, is that so? There’s something about it that seems hypnotic.  Hypnotics touching there.I think I’ve heard them. Hypnotic. Hypnotic, take me away. 
	Hypnotic, you feel so good. Love hard, all mine, let’s fly. In haste, deep waist, foreplay, is that so? There’s something about it that seems hypnotic. Yeah, it’s me. I think I’ve heard them. Come over here. Do you like what you see? Do you hear me? I don’t think so. Enter my trance, Do you hear me?  I don’t think so. Come dance. There’s something about it that seems hypnotic. Touch me, right. I think I love it. Oh, yeah, hypnotic. Give it to me, uh! Yeah! There’s something about it that seems hypnotic. That’s it! Uh! There’s something about it that seems hypnotic. Feels good! There’s something about it that seems hypnotic. That beat, sexy, my treat, is that so? Do, do-do, hypnotica, Do, do-do, hypnotica, Do, do-do, hypnotica, Do, do-do, hypnotica, There’s something about it that seems hypnotic. They call it a dream There’s something about it that seems hypnotic. A dream...

Shug	Wow, Doc', that's what I really call a workout.	

Dr. Anderson	Yeah, Shug. That was quite enjoyable. So remember what I said and keep this encounter between you and I.

Shug	Whatever you say, Doc'. 

Dr. Anderson	Oh...

Carol	(filtered) Help! 

Shug	Doc! What's the matter? You sick or something? Doc'!	

Dr. Anderson	Hmm...hmm...no.	

Shug	You need an aspirin or something? 

Dr. Anderson	No, Shug. Just remember what I said about spreading gossip, okay?
 
Shug	Whatever you want.	

Dr. Anderson	Oh...

Diana	Mark, is that you?

Mark	Who else are you expecting? 

Diana	No one. I'm in the kitchen!

Mark	Be right there.

Diana	Hmm...hmm...

Mark	So, are they out there?

Diana	Someone is. I'll bet my life on that. They're watching us alright.

Mark	Well, maybe we ought to give them a good show? 

Diana 	Um-hmm. Honey...one more kiss like that and you'll blow the cover story. 

Mark	Why? What did you tell them?

Diana	That you had trouble getting too close to me.

Mark	(laughs) That couldn't be farther from the truth. 

Diana	Well, they don't need to know that, and shouldn't. We're just another unhappy couple in desperate need of help.

Mark	So when do we go in?

Diana	Tomorrow, hopefully.

Mark	Something smells good!

Diana	Well, that, "Mister Private Eye", is simmering spaghetti sauce.

Mark	You actually cooked?

Diana	Not only did I cook, but I made sure they saw me place the hallucinogenic drug in one of your meatballs.

Mark	Really? How interesting. 

Diana	They seem to think it will help you come up with new ways of satisfying me sexually. 

Mark	(laughs) Honey, I always come up with new ways of sexually  satisfying you the first night we partnered up.	

Diana	Nevertheless, no need to be worried. I substituted Vitamin "C" in lieu of the drug. 

Mark	You sure about that?

Diana	Well, if you're concerned you can skip the entree and go directly to dessert.

Mark	I as intending to.

Diana	I meant the cobbler.

Mark	Oh, yeah. Right.

Diana	Alright, then. To us...

Mark	To us. To nailing them.

Diana	To tomorrow.

Professor Jones	Yes?

Henchman	They just finished dinner. Now they're watching "T.V."

Professor Jones	Anything?

Henchman	(filtered) It all looks normal, consistent with their story.	

Professor Jones	How about the pill?

Henchman	I couldn't get too close, but I believe she put it in her husband's meatballs.

Professor Jones	At least we know she's following instructions.

Henchman	So, uh, when does he start feeling the effects?

Professor Jones	He won't. Doctor Anderson thought she prescribed a sex stimulant, but the pills were actually just sleep-inducing placebos. Nothing much is gonna happen tonight.

Henchman	Should I stay with them until morning?

Professor Jones	(filtered) Better not ...take any chances. Things seem to be tracking, but we can't afford to let our guard down.

Henchman	Right.

Professor Jones	(filtered) If they...leave there tomorrow, that means they're probably headed here to the clinic. Call me as soon as you know something. 

Henchman	Will do.

Song Lyrics	Whoa-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh Whoa-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh Whoa-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh Whoa-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh Move out Move out Move out Move out Ooh, baby! Ooh, baby! Ooh, baby! Ooh, baby! Ooh, hey, hey, hey Ooh! Ooh, hey, hey, hey Ooh, hey, hey, hey	 Bah-dah-baby-bah-bah, bah-doh Bah-dah-baby-bah-bah, bah-doh Bah-dah-baby-bah-bah, bah-doh Bah-dah-baby-bah-bah, bah-doh Uh! Oh! Uh! Oh!  Uh! Oh! Uh! Oh! Hey, hey, hey Hey, hey, hey...

Kayla	Wow, it's really been one hell of a day, hasn't it?

Dr. Anderson	I'll say. 

Kayla	I'm so ready for a jacuzzi.

Dr. Anderson	Me, too.

Kayla	The last one in cleans the bedpans! it's not gonna be me, darlin'. Ooh...Oh... (laughs) 

Dr. Anderson	Oh... 

Kayla	Ah! Oh, it looks like we've got an audience.

Dr. Anderson	Damn it. I should have known he'd show up. 

Kayla	Who -- Shug? He's not a bad sort once you get past all those muscles and the tan and the abs and the good looks.

Dr. Anderson	You funny girl.

Kayla	(laughs)

Dr. Anderson	Seriously, what do you know about him?

Kayla	Why? Are you interested?

Dr. Anderson	No, I'm not "interested". I'm just curious.

Kayla	Well, it's your lucky night because I did do a bit of research on him after he interviewed for Professor Jones. And I found out that he got his nursing degree while serving for the U.S. Navy. 

Dr. Anderson	Nice. Girlfriends? Ex-wives? 

Kayla	Hmm. Per his "W-Nine", single, no attachments.

Dr. Anderson	Hmm.	

Kayla	"Hmm" what?  

Dr. Anderson	Just "hmm".	

Kayla	I swear, you physicians are such a secretive bunch. 

Dr. Anderson	Enough with the "secretive bunch "B.S.".

Kayla	No, I'm serious. Why, just the other day, I had to access some info on Professor Jones for a pharmacy calling and would you know it, when I went to the computer, I looked him up and there was nothing there. I mean, a folder exists, but it's totally empty.    

Dr. Anderson	Come on, really?

Kayla	Really. And yours, too.

Dr. Anderson	No way.

Kayla	Way. I couldn't even find a "social" on you. 

Dr. Anderson	Well, you've got to bring that up to Professor Jones first thing in the morning.

Kayla	Will do.

Dr. Anderson	And by the way, my social security number is "two-three-three-six-nine-six-nine."

Song Lyrics	Oh, oh, oh Oh, oh, oh Bah-bah-bah, Bah-ahBah-bah-bah Bah-bah-bah, Bah-ah Bah-bah-bah Oh, oh, oh Oh, oh, oh Bah-bah-bah, Bah-ah Bah-bah-bah Bah-bah-bah, Bah-ah Bah-bah-bah Oh, oh, oh Oh, oh, oh Bah-bah-bah, Bah-ah Bah-bah-bah Bah-bah-bah, Bah-ah Bah-bah-bah, oh Bah-bah-bah, Bah-ah Bah-bah-bah Bah-bah-bah, Bah-ah Bah-bah-bah Bah-bah-bah, Bah-ah
	Bah-bah-bah Bah-bah-bah, Bah-ah Bah-bah-bah Oh, oh, oh Oh, oh, oh Oh, oh, oh Oh, oh, oh Uh, uh-uh-uh, oh, oh Uh, uh-uh-uh, oh, oh Uh, uh-uh-uh, oh, oh Uh, uh-uh-uh, oh, oh Uh, uh-uh-uh, oh, oh Uh, uh-uh-uh, oh, oh Bah-bah-bah, Bah-ah Bah-bah-bah Bah-bah-bah, Bah-ah Bah-bah-bah, oh Dun-dun-dun Bah-bah-bah, Bah-ah Bah-bah-bah Bah-bah-bah, Bah-ah Bah-bah-bah, oh Dun-dun-dun Oh, oh, oh Oh, oh, oh Oh, oh, oh...

Kayla	I'm so sorry that I have to leave you, Doctor, but I have to go light the fire up in Missus Berg's room. her husband is coming in for their session tonight.

Dr. Anderson	What scenario are you guys using?

Kayla	Umm, we're using the "Blindfolded Lover" bit.

Dr. Anderson	Good one. Let me know how it goes. 

Kayla	Okay, see you tomorrow.

Dr. Anderson	Good night, Kayla. 

Kayla	Yes?

Henchman 2	(filtered) Uh, Mister Berg is here for his midnight session.

Kayla	Oh, great. Tell him to take the scented scarf that I gave you, go to the rear entrance. Now, he's to go through the back door. We've got everything set. He just needs to put on the blindfold and his wife will do the rest.	

Henchman 2	(filtered) He's coming now.

Kayla	Ooh, well, if not right now, then soon enough. (laughs)

Mr. Berg	When I arrived, I had second thoughts about the affair. But curiosity drove me on. I went inside and put on the blindfold just like she requested. It didn't take long before I knew something was happening.

Mrs. Berg	Umm... (gasps)	Oh, man...Oh...Umm! Oh!

Mr. Berg	Oh...

Mrs. Berg	Oh...oh, yes...oh.

Mr. Berg	Oh...	

Mrs. Berg	Oh... Oh... Oh...	 

Mr. Berg	Oh...	

Mrs. Berg	Oh...	

Mr. Berg	Oh... 

Mrs. Berg	Oh... Oh... Oh... oh, yes...	Oh, God...

Mr. Berg	Oh, baby.	

Mrs. Berg	Oh... Oh...	

Dr. Anderson	Good morning, Kayla.	

Kayla	Doctor Anderson... 

Dr. Anderson	Oh, how did it go with the Bergs last night?

Kayla	Well, I spoke to Missus Berg and she felt it was a resounding success.

Dr. Anderson	Did you get video?

Kayla	Naturally.

Dr. Anderson	Great. Make sure I get a copy of it. I want to see how that went down.

Kayla	Okay, I'll have a tape on your desk within the hour. 

Dr. Anderson	Thank you. And where are you off to in such a hurry?	

Kayla	Well, Mister Saunders just came by for another session with his wife. But remember, today's the day you wanted the monkey wrench thrown into the mix.

Dr. Anderson	Oh, that's right. I forgot about that. Make sure I get a copy of that, too.

Kayla	Doctor, are you posting these things on the "net"?

Dr. Anderson	Kayla, for heaven's sakes...

Kayla	Oh! By the way, I stopped by the Professor's office to ask him why there's no information on the computer about yourself or about him. 

Dr. Anderson	What did he say?

Kayla	Nothing. He wasn't there. No one's seen him all morning. 

Dr. Anderson	That's really weird. He's usually the first one in here. Can you do me a favor? When you see him, will you ask him to stop by my office? I really need to get to the bottom of this. 	
Kayla	Will do.

Dr. Anderson	Thank you. You look great today.

Diana	Well, here goes...

Mark	How do I look?

Diana	Hmm. Like a very distraught husband in need of some sexual therapy.

Mark	Funny. I don't remember seeing of that in the mirror when I was shaving. 

Diana	Well, think of all the times I've avoided your advances since we met. I'm sure something will come to mind. 

Mark	(laughs) Touche'. I think maybe it's time to take the safety off that, Missus Reed.

Diana	Whoo! I almost forgot. You don't think we're actually gonna use these, do you? 

Mark	Probably not, but it's better to be safe than sorry. 

Diana	(sighs) I'm starting to think that all that time we spent at the shooting range is suddenly gonna pay off.

Mark	Fine. But if something "goes South" for any reason, let me handle things before you start blasting, okay? 

Diana	Got it.

Lucy 	Oh, John, I never thought I could ever be like this again.

John	Lucy, this is the way I've wanted it ever since the start. 

Lucy	Me, too.

Mandy	Lucy, I'm home!	

John	Huh?	

Lucy	Mandy? 

Mandy	This is what I've wanted since the moment you two arrived.  

Lucy	But...?

Mandy	Look girl, you got your fantasy. Let me have mine. You don't mind, John, do you?

John	Well, as long as it's okay with my wife...

Mandy	Look, he's ready. Let's do it.

Lucy	Okay. 

Diana	One more time We met five years ago -- it was an online dating site. You're a stockbroker. You do extremely well. You got me the jewelry. You got me that Mercedes.	

Mark	Hey, I'm a pretty good guy.. 

Diana	Would you just stay focused for thirty minutes? 	

Mark	Okay, fine, but you're gonna owe me bigtime when we're done with this. 	

Diana	You're already extremely well-paid.

Mark	I'm not talkin' about cash.

Diana	Oh, just...

Kayla	Excuse me. Hi, Diana. We've already got paperwork on you, but in order to admit your husband, we're gonna have to have him fill out an application. Could you come with me, please, Mister Reed? 

Mark	This is the last time I hire anybody off of "Craigslist".

Kayla	Right this way, Mister Reed. Come, follow me. Oh, I almost forgot to tell you. Before actually filling out the written application, Doctor Anderson usually likes to administer an oral exam on all new patients.

Mark	Well, I never heard of that.

Kayla	Well, in fact, it's quite simple. Here, let me show you.

Song Lyrics	Power of the pussy, Power of the pussy, Power of the pussy, Power of the pussy...

Kayla	Oh! Is that a gun in your pocket or are you just happy to see me?

Mark	No, it's a gun.

Kayla	Oh! Oh! 

Mark	There. It's purely for self-defense.

Kayla	(laughs)
 
Song Lyrics	Power of the pussy, red pouting lips. Power of the pussy, lined up stockings, Power of the pussy, I’m wet and juicy. Power of the pussy, you’re a stand down loner? Power of the pussy, you’re pumping a boner. Power of the pussy, wetting my lips, Power of the pussy, moving my hips. Power of the pussy, Power of the pussy, Power of the pussy, Power of the pussy. Power of the pussy, Power of the pussy, Power of the pussy, Power of the pussy. Power of the pussy, my rump is out. Power of the pussy, you're giving a horny shout. Power of the pussy, I give you a fuck pout, Power of the pussy, 
	hump me no doubt. Power of the pussy, cream in your jeans, Power of the pussy, looking like a fiend. Power of the pussy, wanna finger bang? Power of the pussy, let’s orgy, gang. Power of the pussy, Power of the pussy, Power of the pussy, Power of the pussy. Power of the pussy, Power of the pussy, Power of the pussy, Power of the pussy. Power of the pussy, Power of the pussy, Power of the pussy, Power of the pussy. Power of the pussy, 
	Power of the pussy, Power of the pussy, Power of the pussy. Tease it, tease it lick it, lick it sniff it, sniff it suck it, suck it, shove it, shove it lust it, lust it
	ram it, ram it fuck it, fuck it...Power of the pussy, you explode in game, Power of the pussy, I smile in vain. Power of the pussy, meet my pimp. Power of the pussy, I need my money, wimp. Power of the pussy, Power of the pussy, Power of the pussy, Power of the pussy.Power of the pussy,  Power of the pussy, Power of the pussy, Power of the pussy.Power of the pussy, Power of the pussy, Power of the pussy, Power of the pussy. Power of the pussy, Power of the pussy, Power of the pussy, Power of the pussy. Power of the pussy, Power of the pussy, Power of the pussy, Power of the pussy. Power of the pussy, Power of the pussy, Power of the pussy,  Power of the pussy...

Kayla	Oh! Oh! Mister Reed! Oh! Oh! Oh...Oh, Mister Reed. Oh...

Mark	I didn't know it was gonna be like that.

Kayla	Oh, do you think you have any energy left for the written? 

Mark	(sighs)

Dr. Anderson	Well...would you two care to elaborate on how it went for you guys last night?

Diana	Well, I did what you asked. Um, it didn't exactly have the desired outcome. Truth be told it's why we rushed back this morning. 

Dr. Anderson	Wise decision. We have had varied results with outside cases, but our success ratio here within the walls of the clinic, is ninety percent or better.	

Mark	Uh, pardon my bluntness, Doctor, but, how do you do it? I mean how do you turn on the "turn ons"?

Dr. Anderson	Well, the particulars are proprietary to Professor Jones. We do use a combination of sexual stimulants and brain-altering techniques that will help the person reach their fullest erotic awareness.

Diana	Yes?

Dr. Anderson	Yes, and we've literally cured hundreds of patients.	

Mark	You don't say? Would one of those patients happen to be pictured in this photograph? 

Dr. Anderson	Uh...uh...delusion...that's no fantasy...got...police... 	

Mark	We've got 'em. Get on the horn and call the police. I've got to go round up that "Doctor Jones" or whatever his name is.
	
Professor Jones	That won't be necessary. Seems I've found you. Put down the gun! Put your hands up! You too, Miss.

Mark	What are you gonna do -- shoot the both of us here in your clinic? What -- bury us both in the backyard? I'm sure that'll look good on the five o'clock news.

Professor Jones	If I have to, I will. 

Mark	Just like you killed Carol McGuire.

Professor Jones	That was an unfortunate accident.

Mark	Yeah, an so-called accident you smartly covered up to save your own skin and reputation. The Sexy Wives of Maricopa County don't wanna be dealing with a murder case around here, even if it was a so-called "accident".

Professor Jones	Shut up.

Mark	Sure. I'll clam up. So will Diana here. It's not like she ever bought into the theory that our half-sister went to Europe on a private sabbatical. That's why she hired me.

Professor Jones	And I suppose you're going to be her star witness?

Mark	(laughs) Not me, pal. Our star witness is just waking up. 

Dr. Anderson	Uh...where am I? What's going on here? What...what happened? 

Professor Jones	Everything's okay, Doctor.

Mark	"Doctor". That's rich.

Dr. Anderson	What's he talking about, Professor? 	

Mark	Let me tell you something, honey, you're no doctor. Your real name is Jane Grabowski -- Carol McGuire's former same-sex partner.

Dr. Anderson	I remember. I remember! 	 	

Mark	You both came here to improve your sex lives, only the Professor here over-stepped his bounds. Didn't you, Doc'? He made a few heavy moves on Carol behind your back. When she refused his advances and threatened to sue, he snapped.

Carol	(filtered) Oh! Oh, no! (screams)

Professor Jones	(filtered) You...

Dr. Anderson	(filtered) Uh...uh... 	

Mark	You just happened to walk in at the wrong moment and, her heart gave out and you had to see it all.
	
Professor Jones	You're making a lot of assumptions, sir. 	

Mark	And so will the "D.A.".

Dr. Anderson	You mean to say...?

Diana	That's right -- just like he did with his other patients. The Professor here created an entire fantasy life for you here at the clinic. Only yours was his most fully-formed masterpiece. The only witness to his crime was his only private puppet -- you -- whom he kept on an extremely tight leash.

Dr. Anderson	Oh, my God. You son-of-a-bitch.

Professor Jones	Forget my haste. It seems you've all left me with no choice.

Shug	Drop it, buddy. 

Dr. Anderson	Shug? Shug?

Mark	Nice work, partner! Just in the nick of time. 

Dr. Anderson	He works for you?

Mark	Lady, in my business you can never have enough back-up.

Professor Jones	This isn't over.

Shug	Oh, yes it is. Where you're headed now, there's only one type of fantasy -- and frankly, it's not my style. Let's go.

Mark	Well, ladies, seems like this operation was a success. You know, it's a shame Doctor Jones had to go and pervert his skills. He had a way of creating some sexy fantasies.

Diana	Well, what makes you think this isn't a fantasy?

Dr. Anderson	Yeah. How do you know?

Song Lyrics	Oh...Oh...Oh...Oh...Bada, ba-da-da Bada, ba-da-da Bada, ba-da-da
	Da-da Bada, ba-da-da Bada, ba-da-da...

Mark	Well, if this is a dream, don't ever wake me up. 



(THE END)

