Dr. McVittie	You think you're controlling this? Do you? You didn't expect that, did you? You wanna see me burn? Get out of my head. Get out of my fucking head!

Marianne 	What am I doing here? I don't belong here. Man, in all his greatness, creates machines that move bags. Very slowly, in circles, round and round. My new life begins.

Marianne 	Hello?

Maureen	Doctor Winter?

Marianne	Doctor Clarke?

Maureen	Good to meet you finally, in the flesh that is. Thank you, Cole! I'll show her!

Maureen	Maureen. Everyone calls me 'Mo'.

Marianne	Marianne. No nickname?

Maureen	No. Never had one? No.

Maureen	Strength of character. You are who you are. Just 'Marianne'. Let's show you your office, consulting room, whatever.

Maureen	Doctor Mandelbaum is sorry he couldn't be here himself. He had a family event that couldn't be avoided. But we're all happy that you could come here at such short notice. We were delighted when you sent your application in, but you know that anyway.

Maureen	How was your flight?

Marianne	Boring.

Maureen	Boring? Yes I suppose it was. Still 'how was your flight' it's what people ask, isn't it? This is it. Oh, sorry about that. I'll have a word with the administration. We'll have to get that changed. I've put your case files out on the desk. You've got a few hours before your first sessions, so I hope that's enough. Can't think why you'd come here, from all that highlife. I've never been to upstate New York, but I googled it and it looks wonderful. I was talking to my husband last night. Is your American position still available? Maybe I should apply and we can do a straight swap?

Marianne	I think it's been filled already.

Maureen	Shame, that's me stuck here then. Seriously though, why did you decide 				to move to Scotland?

Marianne	I like rain.


Maureen	So... I've got my first patient. Shall I pick you up at 12.30, show you the canteen? If you can survive that, you can survive anything.

Marianne	Yes, that would be nice.

Maureen	Well see you later.

Marianne	Thank you. Corinna? It's OK for you to stare at the wall. We're gonna try something a bit different from Dr McVittie. What do you think? Shall we talk a little? We don't have to talk about your mother being sick. We can talk about anything. Anything at all.

Marianne	Marianne Winter.

Tina 		Hi, I'm Tina.

Tina		This is my son... Manny.

Marianne 	Hi, Manny. What are you drawing, Manny? I'm not Doctor McVittie. You don't have to be with me like you were with him. I won't tell you what to do. Now it's you who's in charge here. And... we'll do what you want to do. Are you the pig, Manny? The lonely one, staring out? It's OK to talk. Sometimes when we talk we can be less lonely. And if you talk it doesn't mean that you have to be nice to me. The pig doesn't have to make friends with the other animals if he doesn't want to. But maybe he can say... why he doesn't want any friends.

Manny 	No-one likes what I say.

Marianne	Why not?

Manny 	Because of what I can do.

Marianne 	What can you do?

Manny 	Make things happen.

Marianne 	Like what? What can you make happen, Manny?

Manny 	You.

Kieran		Hi.

Marianne 	Hi.

Margie 	Hey, I thought it was you. It's Clinic Administration. You filled in a form for me this morning.


Marianne	Of course. Yeah Sorry.

Margie		You're having a look around town?

Marianne 	Yes, I suppose.

Margie		You're leaving?

Marianne	Yeah, I'm heading home. Kieran's off to his obscure book club.

Margie		Don't ask, totally Kieran.

Marianne	Book club?

Margie		Yeah, here.

Marianne	Are you a couple?

Margie		Kieran? No, no.

Margie		He's a free bird.

Marianne	Well...

Margie		Anyway, I'm off. I'll see you tomorrow.

Marianne	Right. Yeah.

Pedestrian 	You okay?

Marianne 	Is it the rain? Is it too loud? I'm sorry. I forgot to turn it off. Hello? Ah, Mo, can you call me back? I'm with Corinna. Corinna? Yes, she's a good girl, a very good girl. No, she doesn't want to talk to me. But I'll keep trying. OK, bye.

Marianne 	Tell me about this drawing, Manny? What is it?

Manny 	An accident. The car comes flying round the corner and hits the other one. Kaboom.

Marianne 	Did you read about it? Was it on the news?

Manny 	No. I made it happen.

Marianne 	You... saw this happen? In your mind? Do you see images? Or maybe you hear things? You can tell me. It might help.

Manny	It scares you, doesn't it? That if it wasn't for me, you wouldn't be here. There's a gun in your drawer.

Marianne	That drawer?

Manny 	Only if you have a look.

Marianne 	And why is there a gun in the drawer?

Maureen 	I remember when she used to talk she expressed anxiety about her mother. She would look at the ceiling and say something like 'see mum, take mum away'.

Mandelbaum	Her fantasies evolved around her anxiety that her mum would eat her. We never discovered why.

Marianne 	All this is alluded to in Doctor McVittie's notes, but not treated in any detail.

Maureen 	Her stepfather says that when the weather comes on TV, she watches it carefully as if her life depends on it. I'm afraid she has deteriorated over the last two years. The mutism and anorexia are relatively recent.

Marianne 	I'll think about it.

Mandelbaum	Emmanuel Craig.

Marianne	Manny? A mystery. I'd like to get hold of his file from his former residence, Manchester.

Marianne	Here's the reference.

Margie 	Yeah, I'll see what I can do.

Marianne 	Maybe that will shed some light, but for the moment I've got nothing to go on. My impression is that his world view is some kind of defence system, some kind of fortress.

Maureen	He talks to you?


Marianne	Yes, he does. You're probably the only one. He doesn't talk to his foster mother, or anybody else as far as we know. Still, it would help if I could have a look at the old McVittie files. I'm missing the last two months of his notes

Mandelbaum	Yes... I'll look into it. Anyway, you seem to be making great progress. I think you've done a wonderful job under the circumstances. Thank you Marianne.

Woman TV 	I can't make any movement otherwise I'm done for. This is hell!

Marianne 	Seneca Smokehouse!

Josh		Yeah, but the GPS says left.

Marianne 	These damn brakes again.

Josh		So do you trust the sign or the GPS?

Marianne 	The sign I guess.

Josh 	Kids could have flipped it the wrong way round. What else they got to do round here? Alright. Heads or tails?

Marianne 	Heads.

Book Club W 	Schrödinger wanted to prove how ridiculous this idea was and came up with the example of the cat in the box. So before you have a look inside the box, the cat is both dead and not dead. Both realities exist at the same time. This, for him, proved this whole idea is nonsense.

Kieran	But it's not. Cause, thoughts are energy, just like everything else. And they can manifest themselves in matter. We create reality by how we observe it. What we think, we become.

Book Club H 	Doctor? What do you think?

Marianne 	Well, well...

Book Club H	Are our thoughts like self-fulfilling prophecies? Does the way we think about the world end up being our world?

Marianne 	Of course. I'm a psychiatrist and... if there's anything I'm convinced about, it's that thought is the root of all sickness, all trouble. I mean, look at this book group, agonising over Schrödinger's cat and whether the process of observing reality actually changes its nature. Don't we have better things to do with our lives? We all need to see a shrink if we think this is a good way of spending an evening.

Book Club H 	So, if thought is our sickness, what is the cure?

Marianne 	Oh that's easy. I prescribe a full lobotomy for all of mankind.

Kieran		Hi.

Marianne 	Hi

Kieran 		I live in Mannofield.

Marianne 	So do I.

Kieran 		Great.

Marianne 	Oh, would you like a ride?

Kieran 	That would be lovely, thank you. Thought you would never ask. Ok, let's do this backwards. I say something, an answer, and then you ask the question that leads to that answer.

Kieran		Get it?

Marianne 	What are the rules of the conversation?

Kieran 		Very good.

Marianne	How am I at this game?

Kieran 		I own a bookshop. Second hand.

Marianne	What do you do for a living?

Kieran 		It's not bad.

Marianne 	What's it like, running a second-hand bookshop?

Kieran 		It is a good way of making money.

Marianne 	What do you think about prostitution?

Kieran		Next right.

Marianne 	Where to now?

Kieran 		Just here, behind the red containers.

Marianne 	Where did your neighbours find you the last time you had a good night out?

Kieran 		Yeah, why don't you come up for a wee dram?

Marianne 	Sorry, I'm sorry, I...

Kieran 		It's OK. Thanks for the lift.

Marianne 	This effing car.

Marianne	What?

Josh 		He might hear you.  Who ? The car of course.

Marianne 	The light. What does it mean?

Josh 	Engine temperature, I think. It's probably Damn. What did I tell you. He was listening.

Marianne 	So, our car doesn't want us to get home today, huh?

Josh 		He wants us have an adventure.

Mandelbaum	Her fantasies evolved around the anxiety that her mum would eat her. We never discovered why. Has... has somebody been in my room?

Margie 	No. I don't think so.

Marianne 	I mean Manny... Has Manny been in my room? Before his session I mean, or after?

Margie		I think I would have noticed.

Marianne	In my drawer there's a...

Margie 	Sorry, but can we do this tomorrow? It's just, I'm running really really late, as is. Thank you. Your phone's ringing.

Marianne 	Hello?

Dr. McVittie	I knew you'd be there.

Marianne 	Who is this?

Dr. McVittie	You have to kill him before he kills you, do you understand? Do you understand?

Marianne 	Who?

Dr. McVittie	Put that down!  Come on, put that down. Let me go!

Marianne 	Hello? Who is this?

Muffled W Voice 	The problem is, if there's no progress... They say I've done my best. But I can tell they think I've failed.

Book Club H 	That's the central idea. Shall we start?

Book Club M 	Yeah, see I don't know, it just feel like it was he himself who was the sick person.

Kieran		You're leaving?

Marianne 	Yes, I er...

Marianne 	I'm going home. I have some stuff to do.

Kieran 		OK.

Marianne	Bye.

Kieran 		Right, bye.

Book Club H	...the problem of how our decisions change the world in which we make those decisions. Who wants to start?


Book Club #1 	Yeah, I'll give it a go. Well I think the idea has always been there.

Kieran 		Changed your mind?

Book Club #1 	Like back in childhood, kids would always ask, if they'd left the playground would that still be there. And it's the same with the tree that falls in the forest.

Marianne 	You have a yacht?

Marianne	It's so Riviera.

Kieran 		It's hardly a 'yacht'.

Kieran	And it's my brother's. Well, are you just gonna look at it? Hop on. Alright. Can you steer for a minute? Give me your hand. It's alright. Just hold that. Yeah. Do you know how this works?

Marianne	What do you mean?

Kieran 		I've done this once before, but...

Marianne 	Once!

Kieran		You're tired.

Marianne 	You should spend some time with my patients.

Kieran 		Listen, I have to ask. You're wearing a wedding ring.

Marianne 	I should take it off.

Local 	Engine trouble? Want a ride? I can take you into Steamburg. Craig will take care of you there, he's got a tow truck.

Josh 		Great. Thanks, 


Marianne 	Seneca Smokehouse!

Local 		Best smoked ribs for miles around.

Marianne 	We're all about the trout.

Local 	Well then you should stay at the Steamburg motel, then you can get there tomorrow after your jeep is fixed. Hell, maybe even tonight. Look, I'll call Craig at the gas station...

Marianne	My husband? There was an accident. He died. My husband... I came here to start a new life.

Kieran 		Jesus... That's terrible.

Marianne 	Ever since I got here it all seems so unreal. Like when I got on that plane. I left one universe and entered another. Like it's slowly being erased. But I keep on asking myself... What if... we'd taken the other turn? What if we hadn't decided to go on that trip? What if we'd left a few minutes later?

Marianne	I just think...

Kieran 		Don't think. That's where all the trouble begins. With thinking.

Marianne 	I know there's no reason

Kieran 		Don't think. I've been sent to stop you thinking.

Margie		Manchester social services. 'Emmanuel Craig'. Confirm transferred to 				Aberdeen for fostering after parents' death.

Margie		No further information on file.

Marianne 	Oh, come on. There must be some record. On his background, who his parents were, how they died.

Margie 	You would have thought so.

Marianne	Would you check on it one more time?

Margie 	Sure, leave it to me.

Mandelbaum	Any other business?

Marianne 	Yes, I have a question. I got a phone call last week from someone who seemed to be in a highly anxious state. He told me I should kill someone. Is that just British eccentricity, or should I be worried?

Mandelbaum	I'm sorry, Marianne. I think it's best ignored. If this person gets through to you again, please ask him to call me. That's all for now, thank you.

Mandelbaum	I'm afraid it must be Albert McVittie, your predecessor. As you know, he had some problems.

Mandelbaum	He was institutionalized some time ago.

Marianne 	I heard about it. It's not a well-kept secret.

Mandelbaum	Yes, well... It's sad. It's a terrible thing. He's a close friend.

Marianne 	Still his final notes would be very helpful.

Mandelbaum	Really Marianne, they were written too much under the influence of his paranoia. Best to make a fresh start with this patient.

Marianne 	Emmanuel was discovered at home in a malnourished state by the police after his mother's body had been recovered. He was made a ward of the council. Jesus.

Kieran		I just had to come and see where you work. OK.

Kieran 		Wow. Alright.

Marianne 	What?

Kieran 	Isn't it a bit boring? A bit depressing? But that's so cancer ward, do you know what I mean? All this panelling, just rip it out. You know you need some nice bright white walls, a bit of uplighting... Ouch! You're vicious!

Kieran		 You need therapy.

Marianne 	Thank you.

Kieran 		This came into the shop today. Made me think of you. Here you are.

Marianne	Thank you.

Kieran 		Pleasure. What?

Marianne	How did you know?

Kieran 		Know what?

Marianne	This is my favorite book.

Kieran		Very funny.

Marianne	It is.

Kieran 		Is it?

Kieran		Is it really?

Marianne 	It is.

Kieran 		That's bizarre.

Marianne 	Thank you.

Kieran 		You're welcome. Why don't we take the boat out tomorrow?

Marianne	Sure.

Kieran 		Yeah?

Kieran 		I'll take you to the Isle of Muck.

Marianne 	Muck? That sounds very...

Kieran 		Does this door lock?

Marianne 	This is very naughty.

Marianne 	You draw a lot of accidents, disasters, don't you Manny? What interests you about disasters? What are you thinking of when you draw them?

Manny 	Did it scare you? The gun. I know it did.

Marianne 	Well, I looked in the drawer. But I didn't find anything.

Marianne	What are you drawing now?

Manny 	What I'm making happen.

Marianne 	He's underwater?

Marianne	Who's Kieran?

Manny 	The man with the messy hair.

Marianne	Is he swimming?

Manny 	No.

Manny		He can't swim. Not this time.

Marianne 	Shouldn't he be saved?

Manny 	No.

Maureen 	McVittie was obsessed by him.

Marianne 	He was?

Maureen 	Developed a morbid obsession about the boy. Spent a lot of time in the library, reading and researching. Don't know what he was after there. It was probably the first sign we noticed. So sad, really. McVittie was an old grump, maybe. But he was a good person inside. Well, he certainly had wide research interests. It's just horrible. You work with a guy, then he gets sectioned and next thing you know, he's setting fire to himself on the mental hospital roof.

Marianne 	He what?

Marianne	God is with us.

Tina		Doctor?

Marianne 	Hi

Marianne 	Can I talk to you for a moment?

Tina		Yeah, come in.

Marianne 	And... How is he at home?

Tina		Still the same. Very quiet. He hasn't spoken to me yet.

Marianne 	He has a tendency to draw these disasters.

Marianne	People dying.

Tina	Do you think that's bad? They said drawing is good for him. I mean, it seems to calm him. I just wish he would speak to me. But then when I think about what he's been through, how his life changed so suddenly. They say his mother was a lovely woman. Quite religious but very bright and lively before it happened. She was American, like you, you knew that?

Marianne 	His mother? Really? Well, I'm not American, I just live there since post-grad medical school. Look, I know this might sound strange, but do you know is there any way Manny could have gotten hold of a gun? It was found in the consultation room, and I just...

Marianne	Of course we don't know if it was Manny...


Tina 		 What's going on?

Marianne 	It's probably nothing. But we have to investigate. Probably Manny hasn't got anything to do with it. Please don't mention it to him.

Tina	Yes, but if... Sorry. Melissa, why are you throwing things downstairs? Get into your room. I'm trying to have a conversation with the doctor.

Marianne	Hello, Manny.

Manny 	Don't be horrid.

Marianne 	Why won't you show me the drawing? Or these ones here? What's in there?

Manny 	The future.

Marianne 	Right.

Manny 	So you found the gun after all?

Marianne 	Well... Why did you put it there, Manny? To frighten me?

Manny 	It was there because you found it.

Marianne 	What do you mean?

Manny 	You made it real by looking, by opening that drawer. The cat is dead and not dead. Right?

Marianne 	Is that so? Okay... Now tell me, Manny. How did you do it? With the gun? Oh, you wanna play games? Tell me about the man, the man you drew today. How did you know his name? What do you know about me? Why did you call him Kieran, Manny? Why did you say that he was drowning? You know, I can take the drawing stuff away and you'd have to answer me. How did you know his name? Manny? Now talk to me!

Tina		You're alright? What's going on!?

Marianne 	Sir, have you seen Kieran, the guy from the Yo-Yo boat? I'm supposed to meet him here. No? Did you maybe see him go out sailing? No?

Kieran 	Hi, it's Kieran. It might be difficult to contact me the next few days. So leave a message and I'll get back to you!

Marianne 	Kieran. I've been waiting here for an hour for you. Could you please call me, it's fucking freezing here! Look, I'll wait another half an hour. If you're not coming, could you at least let me know? OK, bye.

Kieran 		Hi, it's Kieran. It might be difficult to contact me the next few days, so...

Neighbors M	I didn't disrespect you. No, you just sat there nodding

Neighbors W 	and smiling as if it was OK! They're professionals, it's their job to…

Neighbors M 	Turn it down! Bloody foreigner! I'll call the police! Nothing.

Neighbors W	Earn some bloody respect! What? What?

Josh 		What are we doing today?

Marianne 	Watching you. The way you unpack is so inefficient. The number of times you cross the kitchen could be halved with a different system.

Josh 		Jesus, I must put that on my list of things to do. Improve unpacking method.

Marianne 	Ever heard of 'eternal recurrence'? It's where you try to do things perfectly, 			even small things, in case you'll have to repeat them eternally.

Josh 	If that's true, I'd work on your tennis if I were you. I repeat eternally: what are we doing today?

Marianne 	I was going to catch up on some work. Let's go for a picnic.

Josh		The Finger Lakes.

Marianne	Why? It'll be crowded.

Marianne	Daytrippers, geriatrics...

Josh 		Well, what about Allegheny?

Marianne 	Miles away...

Josh 	Yeah, but once we're there we can go West towards Warren. That place of yours you're always talking about? The smokehouse?

Marianne 	You've made my day. He wanted to go. He wanted... Heads. Tails. The car. Damn car. It's God's country, isn't it?

Josh 		Look out for bears. They're everywhere.

Marianne 	Kieran! Kieran. It's me!

Book Club #2 	I thought it was biblical. Like in Genesis....when God drowns the world in anger, He offers Noah and all of us a symbol of peace. God is compassionate, even in anger.

Marianne 	I'm so sorry, have you seen Kieran? I'm urgently looking for him.

Book Club W	No, but I think Marcus might know where he is.

Marianne 	That would be great. Hello, Kieran?

Book Club #3	But isn't that the point about the earthquake? It seems to punish both good and evil people equally.

Book Club #4	So therefore there is no guiding deity, no God in charge. That's to assume a simplistic view of God. The whole point about God is he works in mysterious ways.Our duty is to do our best to follow his laws for our benefit in the afterlife. Events like the earthquake are like tests of faith.

Marianne 	My God, he's serious.

Book Club #4 	That's what I believe, yes.

Marianne 	I didn't think adults still believed that stuff. Hello? I mean, except for those lunatics who fly planes into buildings.

Book Club #4	Oh, oh, do you?

Marianne 	Have you seen Kieran the last couple of days? So, all this, everything, it's all a plan? All controlled by your great God up there?

Book Club #4 	Yes, He is the creator of all things.

Marianne	Kieran? And depending on what I do, I'll either end up in eternal bliss, or damned in hell?

Book Club #4	That's what I believe, yes.

Marianne 	Kieran!

Police 		Can I help you madam? Do you live here?

Marianne 	No, my boyfriend lives here.

Police		And you had an arrangement to meet him here?

Marianne 	No.

Marianne 	So for you, we are all naughty schoolchildren being judged by this loving-punishing creator-father? Such lunacy.

Police		What's your home address, please?


Marianne 	13 F Parkhill road.

Police 		Been listening to loud music earlier this evening, were we?

Marianne 	I mean if that's the case I'd rather be a pig in shit, or a vegetable...

Police	And banging on doors here? ...then I wouldn't care that I'm some kind of Marionette in some sadist's fantasy!

Marianne	Had an argument with your boyfriend, madam?

Police 		No, It's ... I'm...

Book Club #4	We're not Marianneettes. God gave us free will.

Marianne 	If the story's already been written, how can the characters have free will?

Police		A misunderstanding perhaps?

Marianne	Oh forget it.

Book Club #4	We write the story.

Marianne 	Then we are gods! But no. Can I write my husband back to life? Can I?

Mandelbaum	I see you've found your way in.

Marianne 	I was looking for a phone number. And more, I suppose? Look, I'm so sorry. It's kind of an emergency.

Mandelbaum	I received a phone call today from Mrs McKallen, Manny's foster mother. She told me that Manny was in state of anxiety after you visited him yesterday. Apparently you were involved in some kind of tussle with your patient? Trying to grab some drawings from him? I didn't want to believe her, but...

Mandelbaum	Do you have some private problems, Marianne?

Marianne 	No! I'm fine.

Mandelbaum	It's not my place to say anything about what you do outside of working hours, as long as it doesn't influence your functioning here. But... I can smell the fragrance of alcohol on your breath from over here, Marianne. Maybe... Maybe a short break will do you good?

Orderly 	He's number 10, on the left.

Marianne 	Doctor? Doctor McVittie? I'm Doctor Winter.

Marianne	I'm your successor at Victoria clinic.

Dr McVittie	Is it about him? I knew you'd come and see me about him. So you know by now he controls everything. Even here.

Marianne	Listen. There must be an explanation for all this. Can you remember when was the first time he drew something terrible? What did he draw? Did something particular happen that day?

Dr McVittie	He's in my mouth. I can taste him. And the voices in your walls? Did he do the trick with the gun in the drawer?

Marianne 	He did?

Dr McVittie	You have to kill him. Kill him. Kill him. Kill him before he kills you. Or... Or you can just put a bullet in your own head. It's the only way.

Marianne 	Doctor, please. Try to remember. Stay with the facts. When did he start drawing? What did he draw?

Dr McVittie	No fuck, no.

Marianne	McVittie! Where did he go?!

Orderly #2	I think he went down to the left.

Kieran 		Hi, it's Kieran. It might be difficult... So leave a message and I'll get back to you!

Marianne 	Kieran. Don't go out on your boat, by no means go out on your boat! It's dangerous. I've got reasons to believe it's very dangerous. Trust me. Call me and I'll explain. Bye.

Marianne 	Manny's father... What's going on here?

Marianne 	Either he controls things or he simply foresees them, and draws what he sees. Yes, that must be it. He only foresees them. He knows things about me, and draws them to frighten me. But I am in control. Everything I do is determined by me, not by him. Turn on the engine.Turn off the engine.Turn it on again and drive 30 feet.Laugh.Say 'I'm in control'. I'm in control. Laugh again. I determine what I do, not that child. I'm in control. Some sleep. Get some sleep and it will be OK. Reassess in the morning. Manny is just a boy. The child is just a child. He's just a child! Now have a quiet drink.Quiet, quiet. And try to call Kieran.

Kieran 	Hi, it's Kieran. It might be difficult to contact me the next few days. So leave a message and I'll get back to you!

Dockworker #1	What happened?

Dockworker #2	The boat was unmoored, drifted off... Someone saw a strange woman				messing about on the quay. The police said it was his girlfriend.

Dockworker #1	A foreigner?

Dockworker #2	Yeah.

Dockworker #1	Ay, they're out looking for her.

Dockworker #2	There he is!

Marianne 		Oh god!

McVittie		What are you drawing, Manny?

Manny 		The worst thing in the world.

McVittie 		What is the worst thing in the world?

Manny	The future. I can destroy everything. Don't you remember being burned? How you've died? You're nothing. When I leave the room you don't exist. You're just in my head!

McVittie		Can you get me out of your head?>

Manny 	Black black black Black? Will destroy the clinic, the hospital, the world, the big people who put me in the dustbin.

McVittie		And what you draw?

Manny 		What I draw is real.

McVittie		How is that?>

Manny 	I am the only one who is real. I made everything. I decided when the bronze age would come. I am God. And you are God's doctor. And I'm going to put you in hospital and get a new doctor from far away. And then I'm going to kill her and then destroy everything! Everything!>

Tina			Stop.

Marianne 		Why did you pick me? Why did you kill him? Why? Why me? Why me?

Manny			I don't know.

Marianne 	Why me? Because I'm an unbeliever? How far back does it go? Did you kill my husband too?

Manny			Let me go home!


Marianne 		So you didn't plan this one then?

Marianne 		There are some things you don't control? Like this?

Manny 		Oh you believe me now? But you're too late.

Marianne 		No, you're too late.

Manny			What do you want?

Marianne 		I want my life back how it was.

Manny 		Police.

Marianne 		Get out!

Swat Team 		Gun! She has a gun!

Marianne 	What's your plan with me? Is this it?! Who are you? Why are you doing this to me?

Inspector Blane 	Doctor Winter, my name is Inspector Blane. Can you just send us a signal that you can hear me?	

Manny 	I didn't control this. You made this happen. You decided to find the gun. You went out looking for the drawings.

Manny			You decided to bring me here.

Marianne 	So now it's my fault?! So it's my decision whether I shoot you? I'll make you a deal. Give me my life back and I won't do it. Give me my life back!

Inspector Blane	Doctor Winter, please send us a sign that you can hear us. Doctor Winter, please don't use the gun. Put the gun away. If you don't want to show yourself, please just wave from the window.

Manny 		Which life?

Inspector Blane	Please just indicate that you can hear us and understand this.

Tina			Bring him out here you, mad bitch!

SWAT member 	Get her back in the car.

Inspector Blane	We want you to show us the child, show us that he's unharmed.

Marianne	This isn't my life. I don't do mad things like this. You made me do this. Now you're going to have to make it good again. You made this happen. You controlled me. Now you sort it out.

Inspector Blane	Doctor Winter, we're waiting for the boy.

Manny 		But I'm only a child.

Inspector Blane	Please show us the boy. You've got ten seconds to show us the boy.

Manny 		I'm only an ikkle ikkle boy.

Marianne 		Then, when I shoot you'll die.

Manny 		Yeah.

Inspector Blane	Ten...

Manny			Yes, I'll die.

Inspector Blane	nine...

Manny 		Or, when you shoot everything will cease to exist. Everything.

Inspector Blane	...four... three...

Manny 		I know you won't shoot.

Marianne 	My husband Where's my husband?  Please, please God, make my husband OK. Save my husband and I'll believe in you. I will worship you. I will... I'll have faith. Ma'am? I have faith. Please God, please.

Doctor 		Ma'am? Can you hear me?

Marianne 		Josh.

Doctor 		You had a bad concussion and your arm is broken.

Josh 			Marianne?

Marianne		You?

Josh 	Nothing but a few cuts. Like a miracle. I was leaned back towards you and the airbag pushed me down. That guy. The driver died.

Marianne 		I think I'll go back to work on Monday.

Josh			So soon?


Marianne 		Yeah.

Kim	Welcome back. I should have near-fatal accidents more often. Thank you, that's very sweet.

Marianne 		Welcome back.

Kim			Look what the kids did.

Marianne		Oh, that's so cute.

Josh 	You know what I was thinking for our summer vacation. I was thinking about Scotland.

Marianne 		Scotland? Great. I'll walk in the mountains, but what will you do?

Josh 	We already had a vacation at the beach and I wanted to cheer you up after the accident. So let's go somewhere wet and gloomy this time.

Marianne 		I've been thinking about our disagreement.

Josh			I don't want to talk about it.

Marianne 		Why not?

Josh 			I don't want to have an argument now.

Marianne 		What makes you think there'll be an argument?

Josh 	Are you serious? Are you serious? Only two, I promise. A girl and a boy. Whatever you want. What made you change your mind? The accident.

Josh			Come on, you're winning anyhow.

Marianne 		Yeah yeah, hang on, I just...

Josh 			What?

Marianne 		Nothing.

Josh 			What is it?

Marianne 		I've been to Scotland before.

Josh 			You have? When?

Marianne 	I had this dream,but it didn't feel like a dream. I was in Scotland and you were dead.

Josh			Thanks.

Marianne 		There was this boy.

Josh 			A boy? Our son?

Marianne 		A patient I think.

Josh			Tell me about it in the morning.

Marianne 		I'm just gonna...

Marianne 	I had this incredibly vivid, detailed dream last night, like I've never had before. It was amazing! Just like a total world-system that I created in my head. There was this boy, a patient of mine, and he controlled reality. Basically he was God. He created everything, me, this clinic, a kind of version of Scotland, Aberdeen... I've never been to Scotland. It was this incredibly realistic, detailed place with street names, phone numbers... I knew my boyfriend's phone number for Christ's sake, in the dream! And this boy, who was my patient, had created me, this world and everything like a god. It was a kind of test. And then it got very scary. As I had to prove that he was wrong, that this child who thought he was God wasn't God, I had to shoot him, which is when I woke up.

Kim			Sounds intense.

Marian	It was so incredibly real. Are you OK? I'm fine.  What do you mean by that?

Kim			Maybe you came back to work a bit too quickly.

Marianne 	Everyone's so pissed off that I'm happy for a change. If I'm not grumpy and negative there must be something wrong with me. It was just a dream for Christ's sake. Do you believe in alternative universes?

Josh 			Is one universe not enough for you?

Marianne	That dream I had, that Scottish life I saw, what if that's the real life and that boy created this here... like a game. As some kind of test. There was a test in the dream, but I can't remember what it was.

Marianne		It's just a thought.

Josh 			It's a silly thought. You've never been to Scotland.

Marianne 		In this universe.

Josh 	Marianne. Stop thinking about this, please. Focus on what is here, now. My lecture went really well by the way, thank you for asking.

Josh			The students even applauded.

Marianne 		Great! What if I call him?

Josh 			What? The boy?

Marianne 		No this Kieran, the man I...

Josh 			It's not about him, it's about knowing.

Kieran 			Hello? Hello?

Marianne 		Is it you?

Kieran 			Who's there?

Marianne 		Your name, tell me your name...

Kieran			What?

Marianne 		It's Marianne.

Kieran 			Who?

Marianne 		Marianne Winter.

Kieran 			Who's Marianne? Who is this?

Marianne 		Marianne?

Josh 			What are you doing?

Marianne 		I'm going to Scotland. I have to go.

Josh 	What are you talking about? Marianne? This is crazy! Hey! Hey! Marianne.

Marianne 	But, you know about this patient! Mo. Mo is your nickname, right? We talked about him many times, in the staff meeting. He suffered from a severe trauma. He drew pictures continuously. Look I know this place, I know you, I know what I'm talking about. What about McVittie, Albert McVittie, the doctor who was sectioned? He jumped off the roof, he set himself on fire.

Maureen		Okay, come on now...


Marianne		Let's just check the files and see if...

Pete 	Madam, we don't know this patient. Please. Apart from the fact that we're not allowed to give names or details of our patients. So could you please leave the building? Now?

Mandelbaum		You need a hand, Pete?

Pete 			No, it's alright. She's just leaving.

Mandelbaum		You need to leave the building.

Marianne 		Fine. Sure.

Manny 		Clever clever. You got it right.

Marianne 		'Right'?

Manny	It was all a test. But you flunked it. So I've decided to give you one more chance. I've decided to let you remember. Open it. Have a look. Then you'll know everything.

Manny			Don't you want to know what happens next?

Marianne 		What would it matter? It's already in there.

Marianne		It's all been fixed.

Manny 		No.

Marianne		Just like the drawings I've found before.

Manny 	No, no, it would change everything. See, the drawings would never have existed without you finding them. Only if you have a look, remember? It was your decision. Like you decided to call him. Oops, so that was your fault after all. He was woken up by a phone call in the middle of the night. And then slipped down the stairs. Bang bang bang... Banged his little head.

Marianne 		What do you want from me? To go home, and live my life in fear?

Marianne		That one day you'll take it all away again?

Manny 		You wanted him back, didn't you?

Marianne 		Please, go away. Please, make me unaware that you exist. Please. Hello?

Kim	Marianne, you have to come home. Did you see the news? There was a freak storm up here. Hundred mile an hour winds and lots of accidents. The roof collapsed. Marianne...Josh... We don't know where he is.

Marianne 		Please, don't do this to me, Please, please, save him...Please help me... Emmanuel! Manny! Manny! What do you want? You had your test, wasn't that enough? Please... just go away, please. Leave me alone. You need me. Is that it?

Manny 		No.

Marianne 		You need me. It's not about me, is it? It's about you. This is all you.

Marianne 		I've had a breakthrough. It took me a while to work it out.

Marianne 		Why do we destroy the one we need?

Psychiatrist 		Because we don't want to be helped?

Marianne	Because he's frightened. Very frightened. Life used to be so wonderful. Like a dream. It must have been an awful shock for him, the night his father died. One day divides happiness from hell. One event, one choice... And then six months later, his mother was gone too. He must have blamed himself. Could he have saved her? Was it all his fault? Why did this happen to him? Why did God take away his parents? And so he shut himself off. Refused to speak. It must have been an awful experience for him. Quite threatening. All these questions And the guilt... the shock... the fear...To deal with this all he found a way out. A way to exile his fear and suffering. He escaped into a world in which he has full control. A world where he is God. See? I don't exist. You don't exist. In fact, none of this is real. We all exist in the mind of a ten year old boy. Am I right Manny? I know you're out there, Manny. I know you're listening.

Tina 	Hey... why are you crying? What's up? You can tell me. I want you to know you can always tell me. Just grab my hand and pinch me, if you want to say something.

Marianne 	I know what is going on inside you, Manny. I'm the voice inside your head. I can feel your yearning. You don't want to live in this nightmare> anymore. I can help you, Manny.

Manny 		How?

Marianne 	Because I believe in you. Because I know one day you'll come out of your silent, empty fortress and out into the world. The world, I know... it's so huge it's frightening. But, Manny, it's also so full of light. You don't have to be afraid anymore. Just imagine it to be different and the world will be a better place.>

Tina 			Hey, sweetheart...






ndeproduction@me.com






