Voice Over	Previously on Agent.

Lesego	Are you gonna tell me what's bothering you?

Nina	It's just that I want to--

Jean-Pierre	... count for someone?

Lesego	What I am seeing is my girlfriend all over you.

Natalie	Why would a cop be the last person he should be with?

Lesego	Huh, you'll figure it out, you're a smart girl.

Blaze	You son of a fucking bitch.

Lesego	She wanted it man.

Jean-Pierre	You put your body in the work and I like that.

Christopher	The sponsors are threatening to pull your fee. You can drop this shit. That's on me.

Herve	I want a Jag, or a Maserati, I want my own house with a swimming pool.

Blaze	All in good time, yeah.
 

Herve	I actually thought Nigeria was crazy.

Herve	So yeah and then I saw that and I was like yo, this is, this is… crazy.

Ademola	Can I ask you a question?

Ademola	Is it true what they're saying about Mauritius?

Ademola	Did the fight actually happen? Are you guys still working together?

Ademola	Two seconds man. Yes or no?

Godi	Mila is killing it. You should see her.

Blaze	No thanks to your negotiating skills.

Godi	Aww, thank you Blaze, anyway they're shooting now, this segment in South Africa and then they fly to some tropical island for six weeks.

Blaze	And what about this director?

Godi	Well uh, I think he's playing mind games with Mila.

Blaze	I warned the both of you before you decided to take this gig. Yes?

Godi	Yeah. You did.

Blaze	I need you to fly with her to the island, just for a couple of days.

Godi	Copy that.

Blaze	To get a feel of things.

Godi	Sure.  Oh and uh, what about Christopher?

Blaze	Well, let's pretend that we've cut her loose.

Christopher	Cut who loose?

Christopher	Talking to each other, are we?

Christopher	I don't smell any deals being done.

Christopher	But I tell you what I do like.

Christopher	My phone's not being blown up for the wrong reasons.

Christopher	Mauritius has gone back to being a holiday destination and not a crime scene. 

Christopher	What did you do?

Blaze	Well, we just kept on repeating the same words... 'no comment'.

Christopher	See, you do listen to Daddy, well done my son. You too Godi...

Christopher	... and I really don't know what he'd do without you.

Blaze	So you came all the way from the top floor down to the ground, just for that?

Christopher 	Is it me you’re talking to like that ‘boss’?

Christopher	I'll come down anytime I damn well please, cos I've earned it. 

Christopher	And here's the million dollar question for you kids, what's going on with Lesego? Hmm?

Christopher	Well?

Blaze	He's in a different space right now.

Christopher	What does that even mean?

Blaze	He got red carded by Nina.

Blaze	And now she's playing wife to JP.

Blaze	I mean how would you feel Chris if you got dropped for that loser.

Christopher	You kids murder me. You hear a weather report and then you wonder why it's raining.

Christopher	She warned him... man's sloppy, innit?

Christopher	Listen, I don't care if he goes to bed crying in the foetal position as long as he gets up, gets on the pitch and delivers.

Godi	Uh, tuh-tuh.

Christopher	Performance mate.

Christopher	What?

Godi	Receptio—Yeah.

Blaze	I just want a client/agent relationship with him, you know, but every time he fucks up his life, I take the hit.

Christopher	Agents are meant to be bulletproof, mate--

Blaze	But you said I should drop him?

Christopher	Yeah I just said that for effect in front of the fucker... to shock him out of his self-sabotage funk.

Blaze	It's never worked in the past what makes you think it would work now?

Blaze	Chris, you know he's trying to destroy everything good that happens in my life.

Blaze	And this time he's taken it too far by dragging Natalie into his bullshit.

Christopher	Natalie?

Blaze	Yes.

Christopher	Natalie?

Blaze	Yes.

Christopher	So where are we exactly with this uh “Natalie situation”?

Blaze	We?

Christopher	Yes.

Blaze	Situation?

Christopher	We... we are talking about her in the past tense though yeah?

Blaze	I don't know anymore.

Christopher	She reads people for a living.

Blaze	And so what?

Christopher	So she doesn't roll up in a yellow Hummer to investigate crime like Horatio Kane.

Christopher	Which means she loves what she does. She never takes a day off Blaze, she's always on, always reading people, yeah. End it.	

Blaze	Actually, she tried ending it with me.

Christopher	Come again?

Blaze	Yeah I don’t blame her after the way I behaved in Mauritius. 

Christopher	Then what are we uh... even arguing about mate? You've got your out.

Blaze	The problem is, I don't want an out

Christopher	That's a big problem, isn’t bruv? Huge.

Blaze	Yeah and I'm sitting here thinking to myself, why do I feel like I need to explain myself to you... you're not even my father.

Christopher	Hmmm…

Christopher	We all know who your father is Blaze... those are small shoes to fill.

Christopher	Look, I'm not trying to uh police who you hook up with, but there're plenty of women in this fucking city.	

Christopher	Women we don't have to worry about.

Christopher	I'll hook you up. Give you a number.

Blaze	Given, it's a risk. It's risky.

Christopher	The word is ‘suicidal’.

Blaze	But if I let her walk, it will kill me even more.

Christopher	Listen, you've heard what I have to say, you know my position. Let's move on... to the future.

Christopher	To the one shining light in this ocean of bullshit.

Christopher	Herve fucking Toure mate. Come on.

Blaze	Herve…

Christopher	Yeah don't play it down, you know he's special.

Christopher	'Once in a generation player'. You heard it here first.

Fanta	Hello.

Herve	Hello. I remember you from..?

Fanta	Umm, we spoke the other night downstairs?

Fanta	I was walking by waiting for my Uber. You gave me your room number.

Fanta	I'm also French remember?

Herve	Oh.

Fanta	My name's Fanta. 

Herve 	Oh, yes, like the drink.

Fanta	Only I taste better?

Herve	Okay.

Fanta	You are becoming a star. 

Herve	Excuse me for not inviting you in.

Blaze	Oh yeah, his form has been impressive lately and him starting the last three matches is a sign of greater things to come…

Christopher	But?

Blaze	But these kids think that they invented Rock & Roll. They don't get that, that we get it, you know.

Blaze	You've got money in your pocket and women are throwing themselves at you, next thing, everyone's opening doors for you.

Blaze	You get super excited and then boom!

Christopher	I know how the story ends mate.

Blaze	Yeah but they don't listen, they never listen.

Blaze	He wants to go pick up a new whip this afternoon.

Christopher	Hmm. German or Italian?

Blaze	Over-priced that's what it is. I've been dodging him for... all this time but now he's throwing his 

toys.	

Blaze	Look rides have got a price. That we can handle.

Blaze	What we can't handle are the groupies and the gold-diggers.

Blaze	I mean, he's gonna be walking around with these big balls, everyone is just gonna be stroking them.	

Christopher	Do your job.

Blaze	I'm worried Chris. It's too much too soon.

Christopher	Curb his enthusiasm and don't fuck with his zone.

Blaze	Hmm.

Blaze	Why didn't I think of that?

Fanta	I'm not as easy as the others. I have standards. 

Fanta	If you want to get off with me, you need to put in the time. 

Fanta	First you pick me up in your own car, so my parents can see you're someone serious...

Fanta	... and then we take it from there.

Herve	And after I pick you up? 

Christopher	Look mate, as agents we don't always get that kid?

Christopher	Do you know what I mean?

Christopher	And we found something special here so stop fucking bitching.

Blaze	We? Walter's the genius here for playing him at a false number nine. 

Blaze	Me? I discovered him and I dug him up. You? I remember you complaining and bitching about how expensive tickets are to West Africa.

Christopher	I don't have time for I 'remember  when'.

Christopher 	What's happening with Zoe and Vuyo? I'm surprised his muscles haven't atrophied, he's been on the bench for the last six matches hasn't he?

Christopher	Jesus Christ, I mean what the fuck's going on?

Blaze	I don’t know.

Christopher	Alright. Look, you keep a leash on Lesego and Herve tonight at the match, and I'll go and sort out this mess with Zoe Zante, yeah?

Blaze	Zoe Zante can't be reasoned with.

Blaze	Ask me I've tried, for the past six weeks with that woman. How are you going to get her to play him?

Christopher	That's my problem. Look, I go to Apollo, you go to Marlboro and cheer-lead.

Blaze	Are you sure?

Christopher	I was born sure.

Christopher	Oh and Blaze, that um, actress... 

Christopher	... the African Theresa Russell, or whatever, alright listen, I hope you told her there's no shame in waitressing for a living and then shown her the door, yeah?

Christopher	Oh and Blaze, only if Rosario Dawson or Eva Mendes call saying they need repping, otherwise forget that shit.

Mila	Is Blaze in there?

Godi	Mila, come on! Mi-Mi...

Godi	Well I tried to... uh oh well. 

Mila	This is what it takes to get a sit down with you?

Blaze	I'm in the middle of something--

Mila	You're always in the middle of something Blaze.

Mila	I need to talk to you and not on the phone and not through Godi either.

Mila	I don't know if you've noticed, but I've already started shooting my first lead role in a film.

Mila	Now your other clients can kick a ball, okay. What about me?

Mila	What about when I'm when I'm working the red carpet for the big one.

Mila	Where are you gonna be?

Mila	I know where Godi is going to be, she's gonna be right there next to me.

Blaze	Look, I'm sorry, maybe taking you on was a mistake. My mistake.

Blaze	I don't know anything about your industry, alright, and I--

Christopher	And... people in our industry all have something special.

Christopher	Whether it's football or flicks. Handle your business son. This one's going to be doing big things.

Blaze	What?

Christopher	You're meant to be her agent and here she is telling you what she thinks face to face.

Christopher	That takes guts. Guts is enough.

Blaze	I have no idea what just happened. 

Blaze	Babycakes, what's wrong?

Godi	Let me leave you two to talk.

Blaze	Thanks.

Mila	It's my dad... 

Blaze	Oooh.

Mila	He wants me to drop this acting dream and go back to the Congo...

Mila	... pick up my true "calling" again.

Blaze	But Uncle Greg has always treated you like this. Ever since you were a little girl.

Blaze	I mean, there's nothing new about that.

Mila	Yeah, except now he says things like 'those who are touched don't seek the limelight'.

Mila	Ja. My mom, she seems to think that this industry is gonna screw with my head...

Mila	... speaking of screw, she also seems to think that every single guy is gonna want to... get into my pants.

Blaze	Hmm. Look, but she's not wrong. 

Blaze	I mean, I know nothing about your industry, but I've seen the news lately, alright, and I know what guys with positions of power are capable of doing.

Blaze	Mila, you are my babycakes, don't let it go down a road where you feel it's gonna be hard to say no.

Blaze	Okay? Now show me some love. 

Blaze	Come on, let's bury this. Yes? Yes, I know you want to. Bring it in, uh huh.

Blaze	There we go.

Blaze	Here we go, alright. Now just remember don't be too ignorant when it comes to your selection.

Herve	That’s the shit.

Herve	I run the town with that baby.

Blaze	Perhaps but this is not a baby, it's a beast.

Blaze	It chows petrol just idling.

Blaze	Remember you want reliable, before you go for sexy.

Herve	Dude, but if you just worry about the money... it's fine.

Herve	I'm just going to score more goals. More money.

Blaze	I'm worried about the principle.

Blaze	It's called fiscal discipline.

Herve	Hmm?

Blaze	You wanna eat right, after you retire?

Herve	Come on man. I'm still a baby.  

Herve	I don't want to become old when I drive my first Ferrari.

Blaze	Now why does that sound like Lesego?

Herve	James Bond. Dude, I can definitely do this.

Blaze	My first car was a Mazda 323. Now that baby was...

Blaze	Look, Herve, Herve, you need to become the smarter version of you, now, alright?

Blaze	I wish I had made different choices.

Blaze	You don't want to become another statistic where white people laugh at black athletes and call it 'new money’, right?

Blaze	Five cars, no house. Hey. Herve?

Herve	What? 

Herve	Dude... I make bonuses.

Herve	What is it,  hat-trick, plus two. You know I got skills, we going to make more money.

Blaze	I know, that's why I signed you. But look, you need to focus on tonight.

Blaze	The cars, they'll still be here tomorrow.

Herve	That one.

Walter	Hau.

Walter	Hey son. 

Blaze	How are you sir?

Walter	Me? I’m like an old man that has lost his mind.

Walter	I must have.

Walter	I’m still in this business. 

Blaze	If you were to leave this business, what else would you be living for?

Walter	You know, I never thought much of your kind.

Blaze	My kind? 

Walter	Agents. Especially when you all started spreading like weeds. 

Walter	Ruining the game we worked hard to create.  

Blaze	But sir, you know I’m not one for corruption.

Walter	I know you would never do that my boy.

Walter	You know... 

Walter	... our investments are not like most people’s. 

Walter	Ours are not bonds or shares, ours are these boys with nothing but talent, that they want to show off on the field.

Walter	With nothing but... 

Walter	... what they can do out there. 

Walter	They get a taste for more and our investment gets riskier, you understand.

Walter	These boys that still want to have a good time, we know it’s a risk, but you understand.

Blaze	I understand perfectly.

Walter	It’s like this boy of yours, what’s his name... He... 

Walter	Herve! Yes, he is still in a bubble, take care of him, he’s rare. 

Walter	But if you were to ask experienced folk like myself... 

Walter	... a bubble can burst in one season. 

Blaze	That’s the problem with a bubble, it can easily burst... 

Blaze	... but when you’re sitting inside the bubble and you look up into the sky... 

Blaze	... your mind wonders. 

Walter	You know...

Walter	Everything you see... it won’t last.

Walter	Not in the same way.

Blaze	Is there something troubling you, sir?

Walter	Son, always be on the lookout for when things turn, and they seem to be coming at you in reverse...	

Walter	... stay focused.

Phumlani	Makhosi.

Phumlani	I know that CAF banned the use of muthi in our games.

Phumlani	However, the problem Makhosi is that...

Phumlani	... my father fired our Sangoma years ago...

Phumlani	... because he lost faith in our traditions.

Phumlani 	I don’t know, it was his way of thinking that shifted.

Phumlani	He just became too Westernized.

Phumlani	You can see for yourself that nothing of ours is working out.

Olipha	The team has been cursed. 

Phumlani	Makhosi. 

Phumlani	I don’t even remember, when was the last time we won silverware.

Phumlani	It’s by no coincidence.

Olipha	Allow me to consult with the ancestors.

Phumlani	That’s why I called you Makhosi.

Phumlani	I heard only great things about your time at Kwamashu Devils? 

Olipha	It was good times when I was there. Dark times now that I have left.

Phumlani	I believe Makhosi that you will help me bring about change in the club.

Phumlani	But Makhosi... 

Phumlani	We must remain discreet.

Olipha	Yes, I will drift in and out like a spirit.

Phumlani	There’s a secret door at the office, do you remember me telling you about it?

Olipha	Yes, like a spirit.

Phumlani	Soon enough Makhosi you will not have to hide. Soon Makhosi, they will applaud you for making things right with our ancestors.

Olipha	I am a servant of the ancestors and this club.

Christopher	There he is, Tony Stark!

Vuyo	What?

Christopher	Iron man. 

Christopher	Over one hundred appearances and you haven’t got a scratch on you.

Vuyo	You can't get hurt on the bench, Chris.

Vuyo	And it's 99 appearances without a scratch.

Christopher	Look, I know how you feel mate.

Vuyo	You don't know shit man.

Vuyo	You've never rocked a number on your back dude, you don't understand.

Christopher	You're right. I've never played, but where I'm from the stakes is high enough, trust me.

Vuyo	Ja? I mean picking those shiny suits must be very stressful, heh?

Christopher	Even if you're on ice, you've gotta be ready.

Christopher	I guarantee you, there's someone in the stands looking to take your spot on the bench.

Vuyo	Look, you've got a better chance staying in the room my man, you know. You've got an education and stuff.

Vuyo	All I've got is this game, and I feel like the club keeps pushing me to the door every day.

Christopher	That's why I'm here... to push back.

Natalie	Hi this is Natalie, leave a message, yeah I’ll call you.

Blaze	Is that your girlfriend?

Herve	Maybe.

Vuyo	Don't get me wrong, and I don't mean to sound like the bad person here, but he's fucking useless to me right now.

Vuyo	And I love the guy.

Christopher	Listen to me…

Vuyo	This is the same guy who stood by my side on my wedding day.

Vuyo	I don't want to say this, but this shit with Zoe man, is been going on for six fucking weeks.

Christopher	Oi!

Christopher	Just take a moment. 

Christopher	Breathe.  

Christopher	Let's sit down, politick for a sec, yeah?

Christopher	Blaze is a good man, and a good agent.

Christopher	And I wouldn't have vouched for him way back when if he wasn't, would I?

Vuyo	Maybe he was... once. 

Vuyo	The problem with you people is you think its players who, who go crazy...

Vuyo	... who get too big... who get too rich. Huh.

Vuyo	Do you think we're the only ones who lose it? It goes both ways here.

Vuyo	I get paid, he gets paid. 

Vuyo	I mean, you know Blaze he's, he's just way too relaxed.

Vuyo	He shouldn't... he shouldn't be.

Vuyo	I mean he's the one who gets fat, lazy and slow with me, right?

Christopher	I hear you, but that's not the case here.

Christopher	Zoe has taken the budget and axed it.

Vuyo	Why am I being dragged into both?

Vuyo	Shit in the front office has got nothing to do with me Chris.

Christopher	He’s always gone to war for you. Trust me. This stale mate is on me.

Vuyo	But you're going to fix it, right? 

Vuyo	Please don't tell me you came all the way in here to give me one long lawyer's hand job?

Christopher	I'm going to the office right now. And if you're not playing by eight... there will be blood.

Blaze	Do I need to read your articles just to hear from you?

Jade	Yes, do you have a problem with that?

Blaze	We're not going to talk about that?

Jade	No.

Blaze	Seriously, did I deserve that piece on me and Les? You recorded me at my lowest and you showed it to the whole world.

Jade	At least I saw who you really are.

Blaze	I was, I was smashed.

Jade	Oh good, all is forgiven then. Thanks for the explanation.

Blaze	That piece of shit in Mauritius, that was not me. 

Blaze	I'm sorry and I mean it. Whatever I said and whatever I did, you did not deserve it.

Jade	How many times, Blaze? Hmm?

Jade	How many times have I looked out for you?

Blaze	You're right.

Blaze	And I haven't thanked you enough.

Blaze	And I never forget what you have done for me. Never.

Blaze	We're still part of Klopp's red army, right?

Jade	Well, it depends.

Blaze	Depends on what?

Jade	I'm still deciding if I believe you or not.

Jade	I mean, you're an agent, right? 

Jade	Bullshit is your default setting.

Blaze	What’s wrong?

Jade	The SA anti-doping agency. They've got some officials doing the rounds tonight.

Jade	Just letting you know. In case one of your players are acting, you know, like themselves.

Blaze	Thank you.

Kwaku	Moleko.

Lesego	What’s up?

Kwaku	What's wrong? 

Kwaku	Did a shipment of white sink between Mexico and Lagos?

Lesego	What? What did you say to me?

Kwaku	It's fine. You can also try food for breakfast.

Kwaku	You... You're what's wrong with this game.

Lesego	Me. You haven't seen the back of the net in months.

Lesego	I'm carrying you.

Lesego	So you should just say thank you for playing on the same team as me and walk away.

Kwaku	I haven't scored any goals, but at least I don't put poison in my veins.

Kwaku	So fuck you and everyone who looks like you.

Edwards	Hey gents, gents.

Christopher	You better get out the tumblers, sweetheart.

Nick	I tried to stop him.

Christopher	Did you hear that, he tried to stop me, but even you know I can't be stopped.

Zoe	Nico, it's fine. I'll handle Mr. Kilembe.

Zoe	Christopher, so what's the occasion?

Christopher	Pour me an Irish and let's talk business.

Zoe	Okay. 

Zoe	So, you are through the door, let's just see if you can stay in the room.

Christopher	So what's it gonna take for the kid to play tonight?

Zoe	Uh uh uh, don't speak to me, speak to Santiago. 

Zoe	Like your drink?

Christopher	Don't give me that 'speak to Santiago horse shit'. We both know you pick the team sheet.

Christopher	So what's it gonna take Zo’?

Zoe	Can't help you Chris because I announce the line-up in thirty minutes.

Christopher	That's a lifetime in this game. So Vuyo's on the sheet, right?

Zoe	I haven't decided yet.

Christopher	Sure you did Zo'.

Zoe	Oh really Chris and when was that?

Christopher	The second I walked in the room.

Zoe	You're not that cute.

Christopher	Good. I'm not going for cute. That would imply safe.

Zoe	Aren’t you?

Christopher	Especially when I haven't closed.

Zoe	It's gonna take a little bit more than lip service.

Zoe	Everybody's fighting for the same coin in the sport right now. So Chris, times are tough.

Christopher	Not that tough, that's an old line surely. I mean, we are talking over a thirty year old malt, aren't we?	

Zoe	See this is appearances. A delicious little trick my dad taught me in the 80s.

Zoe	Just reel them in with smoke and mirrors.

Christopher	Hmm, I reckon you've got a lot more to offer than your old man did.

Christopher	Like those legs of yours.

Zoe	Listen these are a gift from the Greek Theos. And what we are dealing in, is shekels.

Christopher	What if I go into my own pocket to pay Vuyo's bonus?

Zoe	You’d do that?

Christopher	If it gets him on the pitch. 

Christopher	I mean, Jesus H Christ, he's the best right back in the country and he's busy gathering dust.

Zoe	Christopher I'm sorry, I... I can't help you, because it's... it's not your money that I'm interested in.

Blaze	Hey.

Blaze	It's a great night for a game, yeah?

Jaden	I'm not really into soccer. I wouldn't know.

Blaze	You're the perfect SAIDA official.

Blaze	I mean, truly objective. You don't really care who wins. 

Blaze	It’s good. It’s good.

Blaze	It's good to see that your bosses are being proactive, you know, to eradicate this cancer.

Jaden	The youth is losing faith in sports. Armstrong? That bastard broke my heart. 

Jaden	Gave up on sport after that.

Blaze	Hmm, what a shame.

Blaze	So you're just here to select players randomly and test them after the game, right?

Jaden	Doping is a serious offence.

Blaze	Yeah of-course, I mean, I couldn't agree with you more. Yeah?

Jaden	I have to take this.

Blaze	Yeah sure. You know what, good luck. Look look uh, I take that back cos if I wished you luck, then, the game is screwed, right?

Jaden	Yeah.

Blaze	Hello?

Blaze	Les? 

Blaze	Lesego, get out.

Lesego	Oh Blaze, you good? What’s up?

Blaze	Your nose.

Lesego	Huh?

Blaze	Your nose, you fucking idiot.

Lesego	That's why you're still my guy. 

Lesego	You fight like a bitch but you're still my agent. Ho, shit.

Blaze	Are you serious?  Are you serious right now?

Lesego	What?

Blaze	Take a hard look at yourself in the mirror Lesego. 
Blaze	Tell me, what do you see?

Lesego	I’m looking.

Blaze	Uh hmm?

Lesego	I’m beautiful.

Blaze	What else do you see?

Lesego	Number one.

Blaze	Let me tell you what I see.

Blaze	You're a fucking disaster that is waiting to happen.

Blaze	Minutes away from a big nationally televised match Lesego, and you're smoking hard drugs.

Blaze	And TV isn’t like before...

Blaze	Everything is in HD, which means…

Blaze	... they can see up your coked up nostrils.

Lesego	But it gives me the edge though.

Lesego	Boy, it’s like the defenders are moving in slow motion... <then starts singing a song the fans would sing in the stadium>
Lesego	Ai! Ai! Pah! Tcha!

Blaze	Wait, wait, wait, wait. That's how you've been scoring?

Blaze	Fuck me, how long has this been going on?

Blaze	How long Les?

Blaze	You know what... 

Blaze	...  it's fine.

Blaze	Don't answer me.

Blaze	You know why?

Blaze 	When Satan comes knocking at your door…

Blaze	I won’t be able to lie for you.

Blaze	I will not lie for you.

Lesego	You, you think I'm the only one? Things worked out for Paul Merson.

Blaze	Paul Merson? Just because you're not the only one, doesn't make it right. 

Blaze 	Everything you do...

Blaze	... affects me.

Blaze	Out of all the shit you pull, Lesego, out of all the shit...

Blaze	... this one comes with a lifetime ban. Next thing you'll be teaching soccer to five year-olds just to pay your rent.

Blaze	You think you're going to be the only man in history to go against the house?

Blaze	It always ends and when it does, it does not end well.

Lesego	Wait Blaze. Shh.

Lesego	Listen.  

Lesego	Do you hear that?

Lesego	That crowd shouts. 

Lesego	They shout. No matter what.

Lesego	If I score, no, when I score, they love me. Forty-thousand people, LOVE ME!

Lesego	No matter what!

Lesego	And that's all... that matters.

Lesego	<chanting his own nickname>  Boro, Boro....

Christopher	So uh, we have a deal?

Zoe	Well if you must know, I was always going to start with Vuyo tonight.

Christopher	So you um, played me from the start?

Zoe	Don't act like you didn't enjoy it.

Zoe	Nicko!

Jean-Pierre	How you doing?

Phumlani	I should've shot that fucken bastard while I had a chance back in that boardroom when Herve was there. I still have a plan.
Phumlani	What?

Jean-Pierre	With your daddy watching? You weren't gonna shoot shit.

Jean-Pierre	You were not going to shoot shit.

Godi	Vuyo was selected tonight.

Blaze	Thank God, that's something isn't it.

Godi	What do you mean that's something? It's fantastic.

Godi	Six weeks we've been going through this crap.

Godi	It's bonus in the bank now. What more do you want?

Blaze	Clean urine maybe.

Godi	What?

Jean-Pierre	... shit!

Phumlani	Listen to me. 

Phumlani	The only thing my dad is good for nowadays, is trading stories about good old days and good old times and laughs with good old dying men.

Phumlani	I'm the future of this thing. You mark my words, watch when the tables turn.

Jean-Pierre	Alright. I’m just making sure.

Phumlani	Well, Blaze and his clients, are dead men walking. 

Phumlani	They just don't know it yet.

Jean-Pierre	Everyone from his book has to go through me. We have an agreement on this?

Phumlani	Jean-Pierre, I'm nothing, if I'm not a man of my word.

Blaze	There’s a storm coming.

Godi	I don't know what you're talking about man.

Blaze	Look I, I can't get into it now, it's almost kick-off. Thanks for the heads up.


Reggie	Moleko's been showing off in his last couple of appearances.

Brian 	He’s making an example at the moment. He’s showing he’s the true skipper of the side here.

Brian 	Toure, Toure, he’s on the run, the defence is caught napping...

Reggie	Ball to Moleko, back to Toure, back to Moleko one two, one two...

Brian 	Penalty! Goalkeeper went through on him.

Reggie	It’s a penalty, Ace will take it.

Brian 	He hits it right footed toward the goal... oh what a goal!

Reggie	Ladummmmma! 

Blaze	Yes, yes, yes, yes! Nice guys. Nice boys. 

Blaze	Okay boys... we're catching up now, we’re catching up…

Blaze	Morale is up now, let’s push forward, we pushing forward.

Brian 	Oh my word, he sends the keeper the wrong way. 

Reggie	Here comes Toure, Toure is coming in on the inside, Toure gives it to Daniels, but the goalkeeper is there.  	

Brian	Oh that’s all the action we have for today. It ends a draw. It is one one here.

Blaze	At least... fine…NatalieWhat, are you're stalking me now?

Blaze	I didn't mean to come off that way.

Blaze	You've been dodging me for three weeks. I had to see you.

Natalie	Are you ready to tell me the truth about Lesego and whatever it is that you're protecting him from?	

Natalie	Do you know what it took out of me, telling you about killing an innocent? 

Natalie	Do you?

Natalie	I shared parts of myself with you I thought I buried.

Natalie	My brother getting shot. I gave you everything.

