Voice Over	Previously on Agent.

Ademola	Can I ask you a question?

Ademola	Is it true what they're saying about Mauritius?

Ademola	Did the fight actually happen?

Ademola	Are you guys still working together? Two seconds man.

Blaze	And what about this director?

Godi	Well I think he's playing mind games with Mila.

Blaze	I warned the both of you before you decided to take this gig.

Christopher	You're meant to be her agent and here she is telling you what she thinks face to face.

Christopher	She reads people for a living.

Blaze	And so what?

Christopher	So she doesn't roll up in a yellow hummer to investigate crime like Horatio Kane, which means she's always on, always reading people, yeah.

Blaze	Actually, she tried ending it with me.

Christopher	So what's it gonna take for the kid to play tonight?

Zoe	Uh uh, don't speak to me, speak to Santiago.

Christopher	We both know you pick the team sheet.

Blaze	Your nose you fucking idiot!

Lesego	Oh, haha, that's why you still my guy.

Olipha	I am a servant of  the ancestors and this club. 

Christopher	So uh, we have a deal?

Zoe	Well if you must know, I was always going to start with Vuyo tonight.

Godi	Vuyo was selected tonight.

Blaze	Thank God.

Lesego	When I score, they love me. Forty thousand people... love me! That's all that matters Blaze.

Natalie	Are you ready to tell me the truth about Lesego and whatever it is that you're protecting him from?

Natalie	I shared parts of myself with you I thought I buried.

Walter	Always stay focused. 

Christopher	Pack a bag bruv. We going to Cape Town. Football expo.

Automated Voice	The number you have dialled has been disconnected or is no longer in service, please check the number and dial again-
Automated Voice	The number you have dialled has been disconnected or is no longer in service, please check the number and dial again-
Blaze	Football Expo? Chris don't waste my time with that, come on.

Christopher	Are you kidding me bruv?

Christopher	Everyone who is anyone worth their salt will be there.

Christopher	Agents, club bosses, heads of state mate, very powerful women...

Christopher	... and more importantly people that are ready to invest in the very lucrative business, we call our own.
Blaze	Yeah and you had to come and tell me this at quarter to five in the morning?

Christopher	Yeah. You’ve got an hour to pack, shower and make me some coffee.

Christopher	We have an appointment with a Chinese Billionaire. Capital 'B'.

Blaze	Look, I don't know Chris. I got fires to put out. Read: Lesego and Herve.

Christopher	It's one day in the mother city. What can they get up to in that time?

Blaze	Let me see... Lesego's pulling a Jabu Pule, Herve's an Ivorian who thinks that he's a demi-god.

Christopher	Godi can handle that in her sleep. In fact, she already has, I've briefed her mate. She's on it.

Christopher	You can sleep on the plane.

Blaze	Your plane?

Christopher	Bird's in Zanzibar on some other business.

Christopher	We catching a ride on a charter.

Christopher	But wait for it, guess who's gonna be at the event. Bay Crystal.

Blaze	Okay.

Christopher	Okay? Okay’s all I get? Two time Academy award winning actress.

Christopher	I think she's bigger than Charlize now.

Blaze	So you are selling me this on Bay Crystal?

Christopher	No bruv, I'm selling it to you on your future.

Christopher	Do you really wanna spend the rest of your career baby-sitting a narcissist, a bench-warmer and a wannabe teenager?

Christopher	Look, she might even be able to help out your mate Mila.

Blaze	Right, the same Mila you wanted me to cut loose?

Christopher	Yeah, same one. Maybe she's got something.

Christopher	But more importantly, opportunity knocks.

Christopher	Success beckons. Your sports management empire awaits.

Blaze	Aye aye captain. I’m on it.

Christopher	That's more like it.

Khensi	Um hmm. One for the road?

Lesego	Yeah well maybe something.

Khensi	You know a cap and a hoodie don't hide the fact that you're Lesego Moleko.

Khensi	Dude, it's not something to be ashamed of. Everyone in this country loves you.	

Lesego	Thank, thank you for that.

Khensi	Uh huh, I never figured you to be the shy type.

Khensi	And now for a line for good measure.

Lesego	A line of what…?

Khensi	Okay we’ve got two lines here, so let's make the most of it-

Lesego	What?!

Khensi 	What?

Lesego	You think I brought you to my house for two fucking lines?

Khensi	Hey I said it was leftovers.

Lesego	This is... this is more like one line.

Khensi	Whoa what kind of lines do you chop?

Lesego	Fuck.


Lesego	What the fuck!

Khensi	What?

Khensi	Sorry.

Lesego	What are you... what are you doing here?

Nina	I see you’re buys.

Lesego	What the hell do you want?

Nina	To give you this...

Nina	... and get the rest of my stuff.

Nina	You look like shit by the way.

Lesego	Uh, fuck!

Lesego	Come on, hurry up and get the fuck out.

Nina	Look at you Les... what a waste.

Lesego	Look at you Nina. What a fucking slut!

Nina	Thank God I left when I did. You such a fucking lost case.

Lesego	Uh uh uh uh…

Lesego	I bought that.

Lesego	This.

Lesego	And this. I bought this.

Lesego	Yeah, it's my money. 

Lesego	Huh? All of this... stuff.

Lesego	Huh? Your stuff, all of this, this lost case bought your stuff, your things Nina. Your...

Lesego	And this... huh? Your important fucking things Nina.

Lesego	No, no.

Lesego	Say goodbye.

Lesego	Aaaaaaah!

Lesego	No, no, no, no. Remember: You did this to us.

Lesego	You, you and your slutty, gold-digging ways.

Lesego	Run, yeah, like you fucking always do. Go. Fuck! Good riddance. Fuck!

Phumlani	We have to teach him a lesson. He’s taking advantage. 

Walter	He’s the captain Phumlani. Not just some bench-warmer. 

Phumlani 	Exactly my point…

Phumlani	He’s supposed to be setting an example. 

Walter	Phumlani, suspending Moleko will only bring us more headaches. 

Phumlani	So what should we do dad? Let him do as he pleases and we look like fools?

Phumlani	People are talking out there dad, they say he’s on drugs. Hmm?

Phumlani 	Let me do it. Let me take it, but `he must be brought to book.

Walter	It will be bad for Blaze.

Phumlani	Fuck Blaze Baba!

Phumlani	Baba, Lesego is messing up tremendously.

Phumlani	Right now he is messing up his life and on top of that, the club... and then?

Phumlani	... and this Blaze of yours is failing to control Lesego. Hmm? 

Phumlani	Let us fire him and then he can do as he pleases with his life.

Walter	I’m thinking let’s be cool headed this week.

Walter	Acting on emotion has never done any good. 

Phumlani	But dad why?

Phumlani	Why is it that you must always protect Blaze?

Walter	Because he’s trying. I have seen him, he works hard this boy.

Walter	You know in this business son...

Walter	... it’s give and take.

Phumlani	He keeps investing in the wrong people. And then…

Phumlani	And there’s this boy, what is his name, the new kid?

Phumlani	Herve, he’s only played seven games.

Walter	We all know that these boys have big heads, and they end up doing things they don’t understand themselves.

Phumlani	You're going too easy on them dad.

Phumlani	That's why they taking advantage of you.

Walter	I’m saying let’s not fight amongst ourselves.

Phumlani	What’s all this?

Phumlani	Are you ever actually ever going to listen to me as my father? Hmm?

Phumlani	But why father?

Phumlani	Dad?

Phumlani 	Dad? 

Phumlani	Dad?

Phumlani	Call the paramedics.

Christopher 	Thank you for meeting with us Miss Williams.

Christopher	My associate and I look forward to meeting Mister Wang and trust that you'll put forward our business strategy.

Miss Williams	Well I will translate to the best of my abilities. But it's up to you and your associate, to sell your idea, I'm afraid.

Christopher	You know Mister Wang intimately, correct?

Miss Williams	Yes.
Christopher	So... what could you tell us, to help us along the way. I'm not asking for the number to his safe, just a bone for us to chew on.

Miss Williams	Well… be professional and show him that you're experienced.

Blaze	Professional we can do. Experience?

Blaze	Well let me just say, between the two of us, we could write a book about this game.	

Christopher	Hm.

Blaze	But let's be honest here Miss Williams; we're going up against the likes of Dream Maker.

Blaze	What are our chances against the biggest stable in the country?

Blaze	Now that's the white elephant we need to address.

Miss Williams	Quite frank, your associate.

Christopher	You'll have to forgive him, it's been a long night.

Miss Williams	Well that's not bad. Mister Wang appreciates frankness.

Miss Williams	Make sure you don't sell yourself as an amateur Mister…

Blaze	Magoba. It's Blaze Magoba.

Miss Williams	If I can tell you something, Mister Wang does not tolerate amateurs pretending to be competitors.

Miss Williams	Are you a worthy competitor Mister Magoba?

Blaze	It's not our abilities or skills that concerns me.

Blaze	It's the obvious fact that I represent the small, independent going up against the big bad.	

Blaze	So as you can understand; the scales are uneven.

Miss Williams	Well, if you had done your research, you would have learnt that Mister Wang always backs the underdog. 

Miss Williams	Why invest in a monopoly?

Jean-Pierre	Missus Williams. Are you ready for our nine twenty meeting?

Miss Williams	Sure. Table thirteen, right?

Jean-Pierre	Table thirteen.

Miss Williams	Yes.

Miss Williams	Gentlemen.

Christopher	Miss Williams.

Blaze	Miss Williams.

Miss Williams	Thank you.

Jean-Pierre	Cheers.

Christopher	Jean-Pierre.

Jean-Pierre	Hope you had a good thirty minute?

Jean-Pierre	And uh, say hi to Lesego for me when you see him that is of-course, if you can 

find him.

Christopher	Haha, Jean-Pierre…

Jean-Pierre	Yes?

Christopher 	How is Julie? 

Christopher	Umm... still incarcerated?

Jean-Pierre 	How about you go fuck yourselves cunts. Bye bye.

Miss Williams	Till tomorrow.

Christopher	Miss Williams.

Blaze	He's like a bad fucking rash that JP.

Christopher	Fuck him. Ten mil, keep your eye on the prize. 

Christopher	And from the sound of things, we're in with a good chance.

Christopher	Can you believe that prick?

Christopher	Its Miss Williams, calls her Missus.

Christopher	That's why he's not gonna fucking get anywhere.

Blaze	So you're on at the amphitheatre in half an hour?

Bay Crystal	Well I am chairing a master class in football agenting.

Blaze	And what would you know about football?

Bay Crystal	Nothing, but for a million rand a day, I'll busk.

Blaze	Seriously?

Bay Crystal	Everything changes after you win an Oscar. Ask Anne Hathaway.

Blaze	Yeah, let me give her a call.

Bay Crystal	I'll give you her number.

Blaze	You're serious?

Bay Crystal	Well I have it.

Blaze	No, no, I mean... you're, you're doing the Mino Raiola--

Bay Crystal	It's all off the teleprompter, it's easy as you like. Cher-ching.

Blaze	Wow.

Bay Crystal	I'll uh get you front row seats if you're nice.

Blaze	Yeah... 

Blaze	Aren't you the useful one.

Bay Crystal	Come by later, I'll put you on, yeah?

Christopher	Lucky bastard. Just like that? Mate, this is the one time you've truly thrown me bruv.	

Blaze	Why, because you didn't think I had a life outside of you?

Christopher	No, because it’s Bay Crystal. I mean, how good was she in 'Last Sicillian' opposite Leo?	

Blaze	Haven't seen it, but I heard good reviews.

Christopher	Really mate, are you're taking the piss?

Blaze	Look relax. She's getting us tickets later.

Christopher	To?

Blaze	Eye on the prize. Ten million, right?

Christopher	Yeah.

Archie	You look like a man who enjoys the finer things in life. Care for a Cuban?

Archie	It’s rolled on the thighs of virgins.

Football Manager	No.

Archie	Your loss.

Football Manager	Thank you.

Archie	Now that's a good suit.

Archie	Sli...

Blaze	Archie?

Archie	My boy.

Archie	No hug for your father after such a long time?

Blaze	Yeah but that’s time that, that you put there.

Archie	Come in Sli, take it easy man, I know I haven't been a good father to you all along. But I'm trying hard here.	

Blaze	You know what timer, you make it sound like, it’s like you called to check up 

on me.	

Blaze	That’s not the case. I bump into you, in a, in a, in a public toilet... selling ‘rolled off the thighs of a virgin’.  

Blaze	So that's your latest scam now. 

Archie	What do you mean? I'm trying to make a living.

Blaze	Okay.

Archie	I’m struggling here and I’m trying to make ends meet.

Blaze	Keep hustling yeah, just pretend you didn’t see me.

Archie	Come on Sli.

Blaze	How much?

Archie	What do you mean?

Blaze	How much do you want this time to leave?

Archie	Come on, you know I don't need any money from you man. All I need is my son.	

Archie	My son, right here.	

Blaze	Ja, after all these years?

Archie	You know how it is hey, work separated us, man.

Blaze	Yeah. All this 'work' and not even a single cent to show for it.

Archie	Come on man. You gotta understand, I’m trying to making a life here. How's your mom?

Blaze	Here, call her.

Archie	Where you staying tonight?

Blaze	I'm only here for one night.

Archie	I know, but I mean where are you, are you at the Pelican? In which case we could actually have drinks tonight?

Blaze	You got jokes Archie. You got jokes.

Archie	Sli, guess what? I finished my Motown collection.

Blaze	What Archie?

Archie	I’m through with the Motown collection. I got it all. Yep. 

Blaze	You got Stevie Wonder?

Archie	Yep. 'Music of My Mind'. You know, when the old Wonder went back home.

Blaze	Back to Motown.

Archie	Back to Motown.

Blaze	Alright. That’s nice Archie. It’s really nice. 

Blaze	I’m really happy for you.

Miss Williams 	Says something

Mr Wang	Says something

Miss Williams 	In this industry it's all about who you know and what access you can get.

Miss Williams	Mister Wang wants to be assured that he's dealing with well-connected entities.

Blaze	What about knowing the chairman... and chairwoman of every major league team on a first name basis?

Blaze	Or having a working relationship with officials on an organizational level?

Blaze	What about being regarded as a peer by every league player, or termed a legend by the newbies... does any of that count for anything?

Miss Williams	Says something

Mr Wang	Says something

Miss Williams	Mr. Wang likes you.

Mr Wang	Says something

Miss Williams	And uh, he would like to see you tomorrow.

Christopher	Good.

Blaze	'Rolled on the thighs of virgins'.

Archie	You'd be surprised…

Archie	... how many of those fuddy-duddy rich who fell for that pitch.

Blaze	You are still slick dad.

Archie	You inherited that from me son

Archie	I hear you are a big time agent now?

Archie	What a pity.

Archie	Because your football skills were amazing growing up.

Blaze	Yeah, players get injured.

Archie	You sure you don't want a beer? On me.

Blaze	I don't drink alcohol.

Archie	Remember how you liked our Sunday drives, to the suburbs, and you'd tell me those aren't streets they're 'avenues'.

Blaze	Yeah, well once a road is lined with trees that’s what it’s called.

Archie	You were really fond of Daisy... 

Archie	... you said you wanted a car just like her when you grow up, the red car, what’s it called again?

Blaze	1978 MG Midget.

Archie	One day, my son. 

Blaze	One day.

Archie	Tell me... 

Archie	... you still supporting that team, what’s their name again? Li--

Blaze	Liverpool. 

Archie	Liverpool.

Blaze	Yeah.

Archie	I told you to support Chelsea, but you wouldn't listen to me...

Archie	... and now look at how well Chelsea is doing, they’re winning everything.

Blaze	Dad, are you short of money? Hmm?

Archie	I don't want your money.

Archie	If you want to help me, hook me up with your rich friends.

Archie	Like that Chinese man you had a meeting with.

Blaze	Mister Wang?

Archie	Yes that’s right?


Blaze	Dad I never told you his name?

Archie	You told me, just must have forgotten.

Blaze	No, tell me now how you know because I never said a thing.

Archie	Look here son, I am a very good salesman. Put me in front of this man, Wang.

Archie	I will close that deal.

Blaze	I said no Baba. 

Blaze	Firstly, it’s not my contact, it's Christopher's contact.

Blaze	Secondly, please don’t ruin this deal and stay far away from Mister Wang.

Archie	Tell me…

Archie 	Have you closed the deal?

Blaze	Negotiating.

Archie	Listen here son...

Archie  	Thank you for this.

Archie 	Til next time.

Blaze	Till next time.

Archie	Tell me, when does your flight leave?

Blaze	Early morning.

Archie 	Hmm. 

Archie	I’ve had enough now.

Archie	We will see each other. 
Blaze 	'Rolled on the thighs of virgins' my foot.

Bay Crystal	Those don't look like real cigars buddy.

Blaze	Not cigars. My father.

Bay Crystal	Oh, I didn't realize.

Blaze	Yeah. It is what it is.

Bay Crystal	Things still on shaky ground?

Blaze	Mmm... 

Blaze	Maybe no ground.

Blaze	You are so beautiful Batya.

Bay Crystal	No one calls me that anymore, Slindile. 

Bay Crystal	You wanna... you wanna have a joint?

Blaze	You still smoke that stuff?

Bay Crystal	On occasion. Not when I'm on set and not when I shoot.

Blaze	Well, I'm in room 344.

Bay Crystal	Three four four, nice. 

Bay Crystal	I'm in the penthouse.

Lesego	Hello?

Jade	Where are you?

Lesego	On a mission from God.

Jade	Cut it out dude. 

Jade	Everyone, like, everyone is looking for you.

Jade	Marlboro hired people to find you.

Lesego	I don't need to be found, Jade.

Jade	Really? So why are you calling then?

Jade	Okay, tell me where you are and I'll come and pick you up.

Lesego	I don't want to come back Jade.

Jade	What do you mean you're not coming back?

Jade	The world still needs you. I mean...

Jade	... the club, your teammates still need you... 

Jade	... your fans... 

Jade	... Blaze... Me. 

Jade	... me.

Jade	We all still need you. Please let me help you.

Lesego	It's... it’s too late for help.

Jade	Lesego, tell me where you are. Please tell me where you are.

SFX 	<sound of the ocean>

Jade	Lesego?

Blaze	Fuck! What do I do? Don’t go, don’t go. Uh. Can I talk to Natalie.

Blaze	Eugh!

Blaze	<Clears his throat>

Blaze	Hi, may I speak to Natalie.

Blaze	I want to speak to Natalie.

Blaze	Who is this? 

Blaze	Look man, what's your problem?

Blaze	Are you like her boyfriend or something?

Blaze	Look, all I wanna do, I just wanna—Hello? He-

Bay Crystal	You know I booked 'Three Days to Midnight', a week after we bumped into each other.	

Blaze	Bumped? 

Blaze	Try 'collided'.

Bay Crystal	Hmm. Maybe you're my lucky charm?

Blaze	Nah…

Blaze	You were always headed that way.

Bay Crystal	What?

Blaze	What is it with you, me and Cape Town?

Bay Crystal	It's like we were frozen in time and all the crap in our lives just didn't matter in that moment.	

Blaze	That's exactly how I remember it.

Bay Crystal	On a full moon, New Year's Eve.

Jack Morgan	I uh take it Miss Williams notified you that your final meeting would be with me and not Mr. Wang?

Blaze	Yes she did, it’s Jack, right?

Jack Morgan	Yeah, Jack Morgan, I am uh, one of the silent majority partners in Mr. Wang's 

businesses.	

Jack Morgan	You, I don’t know you. 

Jack Morgan	You are an unknown entity to me. Mr. Wang thinks you got big brass balls…

Blaze	Well, Mr. Wang knows a good thing when he sees one.

Jack Morgan	Alright son, tell me how much we should be investing?

Blaze	Mr. Morgan, anything less than ten million you’d just be wasting your time.

Blaze	You want to have enough clout and also have a say in what goes on.

Jack Morgan	Oh yeah. We expect to have a say on the client list.

Jack Morgan	Pros, the emerging. We were thinking, sixty forty split? In our favour.

Blaze	That wouldn’t make us a formidable, independent agency now would it?

Jack Morgan	Mr. Wang said he had a good feeling about you and I can see why.

Blaze	Mr. Wang was right. He he he.

Archie 	Blaze, is that you boy?

Jack Morgan	Hey is this your old man?

Blaze	Uh no.

Archie	Yes.

Blaze	I mean, yes.

Jack Morgan	Oh hey, pops. Grab a seat, take a load off.

Archie	Thank you, I’m honoured.

Archie 	I’m a salesman myself actually. 

Jack Morgan	Oh, like father like son?

Archie	Yes.

Blaze	No.

Archie	You take after me. You take after me.

Jack Morgan	Okay well uh, sell me something.

Blaze	Nah, we wouldn’t wanna do that to you--

Archie	Toys. Children's toys.

Archie	There's a big demand. 

Jack Morgan	Like... like the plastic things?

Archie	Why does China produce so much for so cheap? Cheap child labour.

Archie	That’s why.

Archie	And we’ve got so many street children in Cape Town.

Blaze	I’m sorry here sir, I don’t condone child labour

Jack Morgan	You insult my business partner, his country?

Jack Morgan	Blaze, is that what you think of us? You and your family, is that what you think of us?	

Archie	I don’t want to create any problems, really. No, no, I’ll go please.

Blaze	Look Mr. Morgan, we can, we can reconvene for-

Jack Morgan	Shut up.

Blaze	Fuck!

Blaze	Archie stop! Archie, Archie stop! Stop right here. 

Blaze	Just stop with the lying. 

Blaze	You always wanted to sponge off me and mom, like you always do.

Archie	Don't talk to me about your mother.

Blaze	She was there. Where were you?

Archie	I was busy enjoying my life. 

Archie	... my life! 

Archie	And I wasn't about to let some stupid kid stop me from doing that.

Blaze	'Some kid’ huh? You're some father you know that.

Blaze	Some fucking father you are.

Archie	Hey you. 

Archie	Blaze Magoba, Mister Personality. Who the hell do you think you are? 

Archie	You think you’re something special?

Archie	Let me tell you something, you’re nothing you piece of shit.

Archie	You're nothing!

Phumlani	So that we can bring the ancestors closer.

Olipha	It’s okay, I will pray and ask for forgiveness on your behalf for neglecting them for such a long time.

Olipha	I don’t know where you would like us to start.

Phumlani	Lesego, Lesego, Makhosi, the captain, and that man Blaze...

Olipha	We give thanks.

Olipha	We give thanks.

Blaze	I'm ready to tell you everything.

Blaze	Do you still wanna hear it?
