Christopher	Squeeze the icing from the bottom, then every so lightly just glide along. That's right.

Young Sadie	So who taught you how to do this, Daddy?

Christopher	My dad. And someday you'll teach your children. One day, this will be yours, Sadie.

Carol	Only if that's what she wants. You can be anything you want, Sadie. A doctor, a lawyer, or a scientist. The sky's the limit. Maybe you'll be an astronaut.

Young Sadie	I want to be a great chocolatier, just like Daddy.

Maggie	Sadie!

Adult Sadie	Maggie, you wanted to see me?

Maggie	Come on in. Sit down. We heard back from the client.

Adult Sadie	You did.

Maggie	They were very positive. They love your new ideas. But they decided to stick with last year's campaign.

Adult Sadie	They said they wanted something fresh.

Maggie	Well, apparently fresh meant a new font or new colors. I know it's disappointing, you put a lot of time into that project.

Adult Sadie	I can come up with something different.

Maggie	You did a great job. They're just not ready for a change. So, you going away for the holidays?

Adult Sadie	No, I'm staying here. I mean, not here, but in town. So if you need anything, I'm % available.

Maggie	That's what I like to hear. Merry Christmas, Sadie.

Adult Sadie	You too.

Speaker	Once a year or so, and...

Michael	Hello?

Adult Sadie	Michael, are you at the airport?

Michael	No, I got stuck at this Christmas work thing.

Adult Sadie	Can't you just sneak out?

Michael	I wish I could, but it's a sit-down dinner. I can't just leave.

Adult Sadie	You're going to miss your flight.

Michael	I can't help it.

Adult Sadie	Should I check flights for tomorrow?


Michael	No, no, don't do that. I was thinking I might just stay. It's actually kind of nice here during the holidays.

Adult Sadie	But we made plans.

Michael	I know. But work's been so busy, and you know I could really use some time off. You get it.

Adult Sadie	No, I know I've been busy too, but I made my plans around you.

Michael	Oh. I hate that. But I think this is best, you know? When I get back in the States, I'll give you a call.

Adult Sadie	Okay.

Michael	I've got to get back to the party.

Adult Sadie	I thought you said it wasn't a party.

Michael	Can't hear you. Merry Christmas, Sadie.

Adult Sadie	You too.

Speaker 	Hey.

Adult Sadie	Hey.

Speaker 	You take off early?

Adult Sadie	There wasn't much going on today.

Speaker 	Are you going to eat the rest of the Thai food?

Adult Sadie	No, go ahead. I need to finish packing.

Speaker 	What? Why?

Adult Sadie	I'm going home.

Speaker 	For what?

Adult Sadie	Because Michael's staying in Europe for the holidays. So there's no reason for me to stay. You're leaving.

Speaker 5	I can't believe he did that. I'm sorry.

Adult Sadie	Don't be. He's not the one. He made that very clear.

Speaker 	Early New Year's resolution? No waiting around for boys to act like men.

Adult Sadie	Agreed. No more waiting around.

Speaker 	Are you going to wear this?

Adult Sadie	It's a gift from my mom! My boss said they really liked my ideas, but they're sticking with what they already have.

Speaker 	At least they liked your ideas.

Adult Sadie	Doesn't matter if you don't win. It's like a participation award.

Speaker 	I'm never using the products again.

Adult Sadie	Thanks.

Speaker 	Are you leaving tomorrow morning?

Adult Sadie	Yep. Only one flight left.

Speaker 	Good. That means we can open presents tonight.

Adult Sadie	You're going to love your matching Christmas sweater.

Carol	Oh, do you remember this one? I think it was third, or was it fourth grade?

Adult Sadie	I remember making this.

Carol	I'm so glad you made it home.

Christopher	Decorating the tree without you just isn't the same.

Adult Sadie	I thought you'd already have it up by now.

Carol	Yeah, well, every year Christmas comes quicker, or I'm getting slower.

Adult Sadie	Has the shop been busy?

Christopher	That time of year.

Adult Sadie	I could help out, if you want. I have time.

Christopher	That would be great.

Carol	Your dad wants to tell you something.

Adult Sadie	What is it?

Christopher	Well, we didn't want to tell you over the phone.

Carol	I don't like the way I look on those face calls.

Adult Sadie	What's wrong? Are you okay?

Carol	We sold the place. We're retiring.

Adult Sadie	You're kidding.

Carol	It's exciting, isn't it?

Adult Sadie	But you're not old, why would you retire? You love it.

Carol	That's sweet, but we are older than we used to be.

Christopher	That's what I thought, but Alex made us an offer.

Adult Sadie	Just because someone wants to buy doesn't mean you have to sell.


Carol	Oh, honey. We don't want to work forever.

Christopher	Your mother wants to travel.

Carol	Before we get too old to enjoy it.

Christopher	You remember my friend Harry? He retired and he plays golf every day!

Adult Sadie	But you've never once played golf.

Christopher	Well, exactly. Now I'll have the time.

Carol	And we'll be able to visit you.

Christopher	You never know when an opportunity like this will come again.

Adult Sadie	I just can't imagine us without Annedore's, especially this time of year.

Christopher	You should meet him.

Carol	You'll like him.

Christopher	Come by in the morning.

Adult Sadie	Yeah, maybe. You're happy I'm home, aren't you? Yeah?

Adult Sadie	What are you going to do while Dad's playing golf?

Carol	Maybe I'll take up a new hobby.

Adult Sadie	Next time I come home, you'll be doing yoga and Dad's going to be wearing white shoes.

Carol	Sadie, you know we didn't make this decision lightly. Annedore's is like part of our family, and I know it feels like we're handing her off to a stranger.

Adult Sadie	Who's the stranger?

Carol	Alex Mitchell. He's very nice. I think you will like him. You've just got to give him a chance.

Adult Sadie	I'm meeting Taylor first thing in the morning, I can stop by after that.

Carol	That's a great idea. You want some more sprinkles? You don't have any sprinkles.

Adult Sadie	Yes, please, I think it's sprinkle time.

Adult Sadie	We're decorating the Christmas tree, and all of a sudden they basically said, "Merry Christmas, we've sold your childhood memories."

Taylor	I don't think you can sell memories.

Adult Sadie	How could they sell Annedore's without telling me?

Taylor	They probably knew how you'd react.

Adult Sadie	Thought it was going to be mine.

Taylor	Maybe they thought you weren't interested anymore. You did move away.

Adult Sadie	I'm still part of the family.

Taylor	So you'd move back, and take over the store?

Adult Sadie	I don't know. But I'd like to be asked.

Taylor	So tell them.

Adult Sadie	Why? It's already done.

Taylor	You thought you were spending Christmas in California, but here you are, with me.

Adult Sadie	When I was a kid, I thought I was going to work at Annedore's forever. When did things get so complicated?

Taylor	I think it's called being an adult.

Adult Sadie	I have to go meet Mr. Scrooge, who's stealing Christmas.

Taylor	Scrooge was stingy, he didn't steal Christmas.

Adult Sadie	That's why I didn't like playing Christmas trivia with you.

Taylor	Well, call me. We'll go Christmas shopping.

Adult Sadie	I will.

Taylor	Oh!

Adult Sadie	You don't think he saw that, do you?

Taylor	No. Probably not. Maybe. Who cares? You'll never see him again.

Adult Sadie	Oh, my gosh.

Christopher	Sadie, you made it.

Adult Sadie	I think I'll miss the smell of chocolate most of all.

Christopher	Well, I'm going to sneak in just for the smell. I can't go cold turkey.

Adult Sadie	Where's Ebeneezer?

Christopher	What?

Adult Sadie	The buyer.

Christopher	Oh, Alex? He's not in yet.

Adult Sadie	He obviously doesn't have any idea what it takes to make chocolate. The early mornings, the late nights.

Christopher	Try to be nice, he's learning.

Adult Sadie	I will, but he needs to know what he's getting into. It's only fair.

Alex	Morning.

Christopher	Good morning, Alex! Alex, I'd like you to meet my daughter, Sadie. Sadie, Alex.

Adult Sadie	Hi.

Alex	Hi.

Adult Sadie	Nice to meet you.

Alex	Nice to meet you. I've heard so many wonderful things about you, your dad goes on and on.

Adult Sadie	He has?

Christopher	Yes. And, I think Sadie would be the perfect person to finish your training, Alex. She was just reminding me of a few things she thought you might need to know. Right, Sadie?

Adult Sadie	Me? No, it's been so long I don't think I should be teaching anyone anything.

Christopher	Don't be silly, you could make a perfect truffle in your sleep. I'm sure of it.

Alex	Well, I'm a willing student.

Adult Sadie	Fine.

Alex	Where do we start?

Adult Sadie	Well, do you know what it takes to be a chocolatier?

Alex	Chocolate?

Adult Sadie	Yes, and commitment.

Alex	Okay.

Adult Sadie	It's long hours. Not just when the store's open, you have to be here early and you're here late. Do you think you're up to that?

Alex	Well, I had to travel a lot for my last job, so as long as I get to sleep in my own bed, I'll be fine.

Adult Sadie	People don't realize, chocolate's not all fun and games. It's a lot of work.

Alex	I'm ready.

Adult Sadie	A lot of these recipes were handed down from my grandfather, so I wouldn't want them to be given to someone that doesn't realize just how special they are. They took years to perfect.

Alex	I realize.

Adult Sadie	There are plenty of competitors that would like to get their hands on our recipes.


Alex	I will guard them with my life. Okay? I mean not literally, obviously. But I'll keep them safe.

Adult Sadie	Do you know anything?

Alex	About chocolate?

Adult Sadie	Yes, about chocolate.

Alex	You know, so far your dad's just shown me the business side of things, so no. But I'm a fast learner.

Adult Sadie	It's not a race. You don't learn chocolate fast.

Alex	Right.

Adult Sadie	We'll start with truffles.

Alex	Like mushrooms?

Adult Sadie	Let's start at the very beginning.

Alex	Works for me.

Adult Sadie	Chocolate truffles got their name because they resemble a very expensive fungus found in Italy and France.

Alex	And truffle sounds a lot more appetizing than fungus.

Adult Sadie	The chocolate truffle was discovered by accident, really. The assistant for a French chef accidentally spilled hot cream into a bowl of expensive chopped chocolate. He was very angry, but when he stirred it, it became a sauce, and when it cooled, it hardened. He worked the chocolate paste with his hands until it formed a bumpy, walnut-sized ball. And he rolled it in cocoa powder, and it looked a lot like a truffle, and that's where they got their name.

Alex	That's amazing.

Adult Sadie	Now it's your turn.

Alex	All right. Here goes nothing. You know, your parents said you were a natural at this. I don't think they were exaggerating.

Adult Sadie	I grew up watching my father. I knew how to make chocolates before I knew how to tie my shoe. At least, that's what they tell me.

Alex	I understand why you wouldn't want me here.

Adult Sadie	What?

Alex	I don't blame you. I mean, you're teaching me something that you've known how to do your entire life, only for me to take it away from you.

Adult Sadie	You're not taking anything away from me.

Alex	Okay. I guess I was wrong.

Adult Sadie	I'm happy for them. Why wouldn't I be?

Alex	Nailed it. What's next?

Adult Sadie	That, again.

Alex	You're tougher than you look.

Adult Sadie	You want to learn this online?

Alex	No. No, definitely not. I'm kidding. Show me, one more time, please.

Adult Sadie	You can't skimp on the chocolate. You have to chop the pieces really fine. Once you mix it with the cream, you wait for it to cool and roll it into balls. Got it?

Alex	Got it.

Adult Sadie	Now we can move on.

Alex	Okay.

Carol	So, how did today go?

Christopher	A little bumpy with Alex today. She's concerned he's not serious enough.

Carol	No one's serious enough for Sadie.

Christopher	First she gave him the complete history of the truffle.

Carol	I'm not sure he needs that much detail. Did she get around to showing him how to make them?

Christopher	You should have seen her. It was like she never left.

Carol	I hear your dad coerced you into working with Alex today.

Adult Sadie	You said to be supportive, so I'm being supportive.

Carol	What'd you think of him? Change is never easy.

Adult Sadie	It's going to be weird. No Annedore's. Seriously, what are you going to do?

Carol	I don't know. Maybe we'll get one of those big motor homes and travel all over. Just see where the wind blows us.

Adult Sadie	You really want this, don't you?

Carol	Annedore's is just one piece of our life. It's not our entire identity. And now it's over.

Adult Sadie	I guess so.

Carol	I'm excited to see what the next chapter looks like.

Adult Sadie	You're right, I've only been thinking about me. Not you and Dad.

Carol	And I'm sorry things with Michael didn't turn out, but I'm glad you're here.


Adult Sadie	Me, too.

Carol	It's going to be a great Christmas.

Adult Sadie	We should have a party. A retirement party!

Carol	Oh, we don't need to add one more thing to the list.

Adult Sadie	I know, but we have to celebrate what you and Dad have done, and what comes next.

Carol	That's very thoughtful, Sadie.

Adult Sadie	We can have it on Christmas Eve. We used to have people over on Christmas Eve all the time.

Carol	But Christmas Eve is only a week away.

Adult Sadie	I'll take care of everything, I promise.

Carol	Sounds like you have your mind made up, just like when you were a little girl. Night, honey.

Adult Sadie	Night.

Alex	Morning.

Adult Sadie	You're here early this morning.

Alex	Chocolate doesn't make itself, sir.

Adult Sadie	Very funny.

Alex	No, it's not. I take chocolate very seriously.

Adult Sadie	I may have been a tad bit harsh yesterday.

Alex	I'm just surprised you showed up at all today. Figured you had better things to do with your Christmas vacation than spend it here, with me.

Adult Sadie	That's where you're wrong. I have absolutely nothing better to do. You know what I mean.

Alex	There's nowhere else you'd rather be.

Adult Sadie	Well, I could go Christmas shopping if you prefer, it's up to you.

Alex	No. Please stay.

Adult Sadie	Okay. I thought we could start with peanut brittle this morning, and then move on to toffee.

Alex	Okay.

Adult Sadie	We only make peanut brittle around the holidays, but everyone loves it.

Alex	So, why not keep it in stock all year?


Adult Sadie	We like to keep what we make to a limited number of items. That way, we can make everything in-store.

Alex	So why not outsource it, then?

Adult Sadie	Because that's not how we do it.

Alex	Did you ever hear the story of the girl who asked her mom why she cut the ends off of her ham before she cooked it?

Adult Sadie	No.

Alex	Well, her mom said it's because that's how her mother did it. So, she called her mom and asked her why she cut the ends off of her ham, and her mother said, she didn't have a pot big enough to cook it in.

Adult Sadie	Well, have you ever heard the saying, if it ain't broke, don't fix it?

Alex	Touché. Carry on.

Adult Sadie	Okay. Are we done telling stories?

Alex	If I find a few ways to help the bottom line, I don't think that's a crime.

Adult Sadie	Okay. Forget peanut brittle. Someone else will make that. How do you feel about toffee?

Alex	Feel great about it.

Adult Sadie	Okay. Both caramel and toffee are a process of caramelizing the sugar. That's where you get that smoky taste.

Alex	And caramel is chewier, right?

Adult Sadie	You cook toffee at a higher temperature, that's what makes it crunchy.

Adult Sadie	Now we let that cool, and then we can cut it into squares and dip it in milk or dark chocolate.

Alex	Mm, dark chocolate. Definitely. That's my favorite.

Adult Sadie	Mine, too. Throwing a party for my parents, to celebrate their retirement. It's Christmas Eve. You should come.

Alex	Really?

Adult Sadie	You are the reason they're retiring. And you can bring someone, if you want.

Alex	Okay, well, do you need me to bring any food or anything?

Adult Sadie	No, I'm hiring a caterer and I'm making the dessert.

Alex	Well, if you change your mind, I make a mean toffee.

Adult Sadie	I'll keep that in mind.

Alex	Oh.

Adult Sadie	You need to go?

Alex	Yeah, I have to be someplace but just for this week. I promise I'm % committed to chocolate.

Adult Sadie	What about this one?

Carol	Oh, that's lovely.

Christopher	Looks good to me.

Adult Sadie	Okay. December th,  PM. Can you send me your guest list today?

Christopher	Seems like an awful lot of work for you.

Adult Sadie	It's fine, I have everything under control.

Christopher	You'll be too busy to finish Alex's training.

Adult Sadie	No, it's okay. I can do it.

Carol	Are you sure?

Adult Sadie	Yeah, of course.

Christopher	Thank goodness. Teaching new employees has never been my strong suit.

Adult Sadie	He's not going to be an employee, Dad. He's going to be running the business, so he needs to know everything he can.

Adult Sadie	Sticky drunken pears.

Alex	Mm-mm.

Adult Sadie	Blood orange soufflés?

Alex	Blood?

Adult Sadie	Sticky toffee pudding.

Alex	How about figgy pudding?

Adult Sadie	This is it.

Alex	Hmm?

Adult Sadie	I could make everyone their own, individual gingerbread house.

Alex	How many guests will there be?

Adult Sadie	Not sure yet.

Alex	You know, I've always wanted to learn how to build a gingerbread house.

Adult Sadie	Well, let's do it.

Alex	Now? Okay.

Alex	From what I have, we just use graham crackers.

Adult Sadie	Graham crackers.

Alex	Yeah, use them as the building blocks, and then we just cover it all in candy.

Adult Sadie	A lot of people make their houses for structure, and forget about taste, but my grandfather's recipe is both strong and delicious. So you don't have to worry about them falling apart.

Alex	Mm. Why don't you just make one of those big castles, or like one big skyscraper, or something? Like they do in those competitions.

Adult Sadie	Gingerbread houses are about tradition, like the ones we make every year. Not a contest.

Alex	Oh, right.

Adult Sadie	Besides, there's no way to improve on a little cottage that looks like it's from a fairy tale.

Alex	Yeah. Yeah, if it ain't broke.

Christopher	Here it is! The guest list.

Adult Sadie	Showing Alex how to make gingerbread.

Christopher	The secret is just the right amount of strength to hold it together.

Alex	Good to know.

Adult Sadie	We're going to need a few more gingerbread houses than I thought.

Alex	How many?

Adult Sadie	Like maybe ?

Alex	People?

Adult Sadie	I don't know. We'll just have to make it work.

Alex	Okay.

Adult Sadie	My mom just sent another list.

Alex	How many on that?

Adult Sadie	There's just as many, or maybe more. That many people won't even fit in our house.

Alex	Well, they won't all come. They never do.

Adult Sadie	You sure?

Alex	Yeah. All right. Why don't you just explain to them that they need to pare down their list? Tell them you weren't expecting that many.

Adult Sadie	I can't. How do you tell someone to choose between friends?


Alex	What are you going to do?

Adult Sadie	Find a bigger place, order more food, buy decorations, take out a loan.

Adult Sadie	The th. Yes, this year. Okay, thanks. Is there anywhere else you could recommend? No, you're right. Next time I'll plan further ahead. Thanks.

Alex	Any luck?

Adult Sadie	If I want to have it next year.

Alex	Ah. You know, I might know of a place you can have it.

Adult Sadie	Really?

Alex	Yeah. Let me make a call.

Adult Sadie	That would be great, thank you.

Alex	Of course.

Adult Sadie	It needs to be big enough to accommodate a hundred people, but not too big either. I want it to feel warm and cozy.

Alex	Okay. Big, but not too big. Warm and cozy. Got it. Anything else?

Adult Sadie	Nope, that's it.

Alex	Okay, I'll be back.

Adult Sadie	Thank you.

Adult Sadie	Hasn't this place been closed for years?

Alex	Yeah, let me get the lights. Do you know Ernest Hemingway sat right there by the fireplace? Frank Sinatra, Bob Hope, even the Beatles. They all stayed here.

Adult Sadie	Thanks for the historical tour, but I can't afford this place.

Alex	Just picture it filled with Christmas decorations.

Adult Sadie	It's beautiful, but it's way more than I can spend.

Alex	Every other place is booked.

Adult Sadie	I'll keep looking. There's got to be something.

Alex	Hey. If you like it, it's yours.

Adult Sadie	How?

Alex	Let's just say I have a friend that knows a guy. Just have to leave it exactly how we found it.

Adult Sadie	You're kidding.

Alex	You like it?

Adult Sadie	It's perfect! We could put a big Christmas tree over there, with food stations. Keeps people moving and mingling.

Alex	Yeah, I love a good food station.

Adult Sadie	You hungry?

Alex	Always.

Adult Sadie	I know a place.

Alex	That one's good. That one's definitely my favorite.

Adult Sadie	That was my favorite, too.

Alex	How did I not know that food tasting was a thing before this?

Adult Sadie	Well.

Alex	Last bite's yours.

Adult Sadie	Are you sure?

Alex	Mm-hmm (affirmative).

Adult Sadie	Okay. That says a lot about a man.

Alex	What? What's it say?

Adult Sadie	It means you're thoughtful. You didn't just pop it in your mouth.

Alex	Guess you can blame my mother for that. She always made me offer the last piece to my sisters.

Adult Sadie	How many sisters?

Alex	Two. I'm in the middle, and pretty much everything you hear about a middle child is true.

Adult Sadie	I'm none of the things you hear about an only child.

Alex	Mm.

Adult Sadie	I'm not bossy. I'm not!

Alex	I didn't say anything.

Adult Sadie	Are you still close with your family?

Alex	Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah, I am. I moved away for a bit. I went to Chicago after college, then I came back here. I like it here, though. It's home.

Adult Sadie	I didn't even plan on coming home for Christmas this year.

Alex	Really? Whatever it was that changed your mind, I'm glad it did.

Adult Sadie	It was whoever. He changed his mind, so here I am.

Alex	Enough said.

Adult Sadie	Now I can't even imagine not being here. For my parents.

Alex	For their retirement party.

Adult Sadie	Yeah.

Alex	Yeah.

Adult Sadie	The place is better than I could have imagined.

Alex	Good.

Adult Sadie	And the food is going to be amazing.

Alex	Yep, it will be. Everything will be.

Adult Sadie	So...

Alex	So.

Adult Sadie	I'll send out the invitations tonight.

Alex	Okay.

Adult Sadie	Give the final selections to catering, and that just leaves decorations and dessert.

Alex	Mm. How long does it take to build one gingerbread house?

Adult Sadie	There's no way I can make and decorate that many gingerbread houses in time.

Alex	What if you make one big one?

Adult Sadie	I'm not making a silly skyscraper.

Alex	All right. How about you order a bunch of pre-made ones, and decorate those? They'll look just like yours.

Adult Sadie	But they won't taste the same.

Alex	Everyone just eats the decorations anyway.

Adult Sadie	Okay.

Alex	Okay? I'll take care of it. Don't worry, it's going to be fine.

Adult Sadie	It can't be fine. It has to be perfect.

Taylor	What do you think about this one?

Adult Sadie	It's too small. It's not big enough. I want a statement piece.

Taylor	A statement piece. You're really going all-out.

Adult 	SadieThey deserve it.


Taylor	Okay. But why's the guy that's buying your parents' place helping you with the party?

Adult Sadie	Because there wouldn't be a party if it weren't for him.

Taylor	Are you sure there's not something in it for him?

Adult Sadie	He's just being nice.

Taylor	Maybe he likes spending time with you.

Adult Sadie	I don't think that's it. We're just friends. Not really friends. We're friendly. Besides, he already has a girlfriend.

Taylor	Is that what he told you over dinner?

Adult Sadie	It was a food tasting.

Taylor	Did you talk? And laugh?

Adult Sadie	Maybe once.

Taylor	Some would call that a date. Or, if you have a girlfriend, a food tasting.

Adult Sadie	It's not my fault. My dad asked me to train him.

Taylor	The lady doth protest too much, methinks.

Adult Sadie	Very funny. That's the one!

Taylor	Oh, that's definitely not going in my car.

Taylor	He is pretty nice. You should ask him who that girl was, in the coffee shop.

Alex	Okay.

Speaker 	We have hot chocolate and cookies over by the fire pit.

Alex	Great, thank you.

Taylor	I got to go. But you guys have fun.

Alex	Okay. Bye.

Adult Sadie	Bye.

Alex	Well, I could go for a cookie. How about you?

Adult Sadie	You're always hungry.

Alex	That's true.

Speaker 	Here you go.

Alex	Thank you.

Adult Sadie	Thanks.

Alex	Think that's a snowman. Ooh.

Adult Sadie	Sorry to bother you again.

Alex	Oh, no. Know how many times I get called for emergency Christmas tree pickup?

Adult Sadie	Not too often, I hope.

Alex	Never, actually.

Adult Sadie	Can I ask you a question?

Alex	Shoot.

Adult Sadie	Why are you helping me with the party?

Alex	I don't know. Same reason you're helping me.

Adult Sadie	Did my dad ask you to?

Alex	No, no, I mean it's nice, you being willing to spend your time with me. It's the least I can do.

Adult Sadie	Exactly. And you're a nice guy. That's what I told Taylor.

Alex	You talked about me.

Adult Sadie	Not really, that's all.

Alex	She's questioning my intentions?

Adult Sadie	I told her you already had a girlfriend.

Alex	Why would you say that?

Adult Sadie	I assumed?

Alex	Ah. You know what they say.

Adult Sadie	I thought there must be someone, you always leave at the same time.

Alex	Impressive. You moonlight as a detective? Okay. So, I leave to go pick up Francie, my daughter.

Adult Sadie	She's a cutie. You never mentioned her or your wife.

Alex	My wife, Laura, she died a little over a year ago.

Adult Sadie	Alex, I'm so sorry.

Alex	No, it's why I don't mention it to anybody right away. People always feel sorry for me and start treating me differently.

Adult Sadie	I would've been nicer.

Alex	Well, it's not exactly an easy thing to just come out and say.

Adult Sadie	I shouldn't have brought it up.
Alex	No, I'm glad you did.

Speaker 	You two have your picture taken yet?

Adult Sadie	No, that's okay.

Alex	Yeah.

Speaker 	Oh, you should. You two are cute together.

Alex	I guess it's picture time.

Adult Sadie	Yeah?

Alex	Okay. You convinced us.

Speaker 	Hey, get in close.

Alex	Okay.

Speaker 	There you go.

Alex	Let's see.

Adult Sadie	I like it.

Alex	That's not bad. So, you tell Taylor that the reason I'm helping you is because I like spending time with you.

Adult Sadie	Okay.

Alex	And that I'm a nice guy.

Adult Sadie	Got it.

Alex	Don't forget that part.

Adult Sadie	Okay.

Alex	All right. Ooh.

Alex	Hey.

Adult Sadie	Hey.

Alex	Hey. You look nice.

Adult Sadie	Thanks. Last night was fun.

Alex	Yeah, it was.

Adult Sadie	We start making hard-mold chocolates in the summer.

Alex	Why so early?

Adult Sadie	We get busy in the fall with Halloween and Thanksgiving. Then we have a small break and go into Valentine's Day and Easter.

Alex	So you work ahead. Smart.

Adult Sadie	And we always decorate early, because if we don't we won't have time.

Alex	Makes sense.

Adult Sadie	You have your tree up?

Alex	Ha, tree. Does it count if it's less than a foot?

Adult Sadie	A foot? That's not a tree, that's a twig.

Alex	Yeah.

Adult Sadie	You haven't decorated it, have you?

Alex	No. Heavens, no. I wouldn't know where to begin, honestly.

Adult Sadie	I could help, if you want.

Alex	Yeah. Yeah, I mean I'll take all the help I can get.

Adult Sadie	Think we have everything we need.

Alex	Oh, I hope so. Francie's going to love it.

Adult Sadie	She is.

Alex	You know, I don't think I've successfully decorated a tree before.

Adult Sadie	Really.

Alex	Yeah, like successfully.

Adult Sadie	Surely you have.

Alex	Nah.

Francie	Look, Daddy.

Alex	Ah, why is yours so much better than mine?

Francie	Sadie showed me.

Adult Sadie	Are you sure you haven't done this before?

Francie	Nope.

Adult Sadie	Well, you have natural talent.

Alex	What about me? Do I have natural talent?

Adult Sadie	Mm. It's questionable. You'll get there.

Alex	Thank you.

Adult Sadie	Oh, I love this one. Do you have a favorite?

Francie	This one.

Adult Sadie	Wow. Is that your hand?

Francie	Mm-hmm (affirmative).

Adult Sadie	I like this one, too.

Francie	Can she come to my pageant with you?

Alex	So, Francie wants to know if you'll come to her Christmas pageant at church.

Adult Sadie	Yes, I would love to.

Alex	Tell her what you're going to be.

Francie	An angel with a crown.

Alex	With a halo.

Adult Sadie	Oh, I can't wait.

Alex	Uh-oh!

Adult Sadie	What?

Alex	Seems to be a problem with these ornaments. They keep disappearing! How?

Francie	Don't eat them, Daddy.

Alex	Don't eat them?

Speaker 	That one.

Carol	This one, right here? Okay, good choice. What else looks yummy to you?

Speaker 	That one.

Carol	Oh, this is one of my favorites. There you go. And remember, we have candy-making demonstrations every Saturday at  o'clock, right over there.

Speaker 	Thank you!

Carol	Absolutely.

Speaker 	Bye!

Carol	Bye-bye!

Adult Sadie	Don't forget to keep your inventory turning.

Alex	Right, yeah. Got it.

Adult Sadie	You know what? It will all come in time. I've been doing this my whole life.

Alex	Yeah. Maybe that's why I feel like such a klutz around here.

Adult Sadie	Why are you doing this? Why Annedore's?


Alex	Well, when I was about Francie's age, I would stand outside the window to the candy store that was by our house, and just watch them make fudge for hours. I thought, that's something that I want to do one day. You know? I want to do something that makes people happy.

Adult Sadie	I get that.

Alex	Then when I got out of college, I got a sales job and traveled a lot. So when I became a single dad, I needed something close to home, so I could be there for Francie's activities, pick her up from school, you know, if she's sick, or bring her to work if I have to.

Adult Sadie	That was my childhood, and I absolutely loved it. They could hardly keep me in school because I wanted to be here.

Alex	So why aren't you doing this instead of me?

Adult Sadie	You'll laugh.

Alex	Promise I won't.

Adult Sadie	My freshman year of college, I entered a gingerbread house competition.

Alex	Thought you hated those.

Adult Sadie	I didn't win.

Alex	So?

Adult Sadie	I thought it was perfect, but the judges didn't. So, I quit. Changed my major to marketing.

Alex	You changed your major over what some judges said.

Adult Sadie	It wasn't perfect. I know that now.

Alex	So what? No one's perfect, they can't be. You just have to do your best.

Adult Sadie	Customers don't want to buy your best.

Alex	Yeah, well, they also won't buy anything if they don't come through the door.

Adult Sadie	What?

Alex	Follow me.

Adult Sadie	They don't even sell chocolate.

Alex	No, but they're giving out hot spiced cider, and they have all sorts of gifts to sell. You're handing them your customers.

Adult Sadie	You mean your customers.

Alex	Not til January st. Christmas is a big part of your revenue for the year.

Adult Sadie	How do we get them back?


Alex	Well, you're the one in marketing, but you could hand out samples. What was it you said? There's chocolate, but then there's Annedore's. Annedore's is special.

Adult Sadie	You can taste it in every bite.

Alex	Now you need them to taste it.

Adult Sadie	But before we can give them a sample, we have to get their attention.

Alex	Keep them moving from their doorway to ours.

Adult Sadie	Hmm.

Santa	I'll check my list twice!

Alex	She's gone rogue.

Santa	Ho, ho, ho, Merry Christmas! Merry Christmas! Ho, ho, ho!

Alex	Hey, guys.

Adult Sadie	Hi!

Alex	Thank you so much.

Adult Sadie	We've been here so long, I just assumed everyone knew about us. I forgot about marketing.

Alex	Well, sometimes it takes a fresh set of eyes to really see what's in front of you.

Christopher	I'm not sure who did all of this.

Alex	Oh, definitely.

Christopher	Well, you make a good team. This is great.

Alex	Glad you like it.

Christopher	Thanks.

Adult Sadie	Of course, Dad.

Santa	Ho, ho, ho! Merry Christmas! Have you been good this year? What you want for Christmas, Francie?

Alex	Come on, you look good. You ready? One take.

Adult Sadie	That's cute!

Alex	I only take one.

Adult Sadie	That's cute.

Alex	That's all we need. Look at her. Go ahead, pet him Francie!

Adult Sadie	Oh, she loves it.

Alex	That's cute.

Adult Sadie	(singing)

Taylor	(singing)

Taylor	It's going to look amazing.

Adult Sadie	I don't know what I would've done if Alex hadn't found this place.

Taylor	Sounds like the Scrooge isn't so bad to have around after all.

Adult Sadie	He's different than the guys I've dated before. He's responsible, and he doesn't get so absorbed in his work that he doesn't think about anyone else. And he makes me laugh.

Taylor	That's what I want for Christmas.

Adult Sadie	I haven't told anyone else this, but I might not want to go back.

Alex	Need some help?

Adult Sadie	Hey! When did you get here?

Alex	Just now.

Adult Sadie	Good. I'm glad you're here.

Alex	Well, I hope you still feel that way after what I'm about to tell you.

Adult Sadie	Okay.

Alex	You know the gingerbread houses I ordered, to save you time?

Adult Sadie	Are they here?

Alex	No. They hit a small snag.

Adult Sadie	How small?

Alex	Well, there's a large snowstorm covering the southern part of the country.

Adult Sadie	Okay, so?

Alex	So, the truck that your houses are on? They're stuck. Somewhere.

Adult Sadie	When will they be here?

Alex	Best case scenario? Christmas Eve.

Adult Sadie	And worst case?

Alex	Around the th.

Adult Sadie	Your best case doesn't even work, I can't decorate a hundred gingerbread houses in less than a day.

Alex	I know, I know. That's why I'm going to help. So will Taylor.

Adult Sadie	No, I'd need an assembly line of  people.

Alex	Okay, so we think of something new. Something even better.

Adult Sadie	That's not how it works. I have to plan, and shop, it's a process.

Alex	Well, you have a store full of chocolate already.

Adult Sadie	It can't be what we do every day. It has to be special.

Taylor	Hey, look, I've got this. You go figure out what to do.

Adult Sadie	Thank you.

Taylor	Yeah. Don't worry about it. It'll be amazing, whatever happens.

Adult Sadie	How do you know?

Taylor	Because I know you.

Adult Sadie	Thanks, Taylor.

Alex	Thank you.

Adult Sadie	Okay. I have two days to think of an idea and execute it.

Alex	Yeah. I'm sorry, I messed up.

Adult Sadie	It's not your fault. It's a snowstorm.

Alex	Well, yeah, if I weren't trying to cut corners and make things easy on you...

Adult Sadie	You know, I can't talk about this right now. I have to get back to the shop.

Alex	I'll go with you.

Adult Sadie	No, that's okay. I need to think.

Alex	At least let me drive.

Adult Sadie	I have my car.

Alex	Okay, I'll walk you out.

Alex	What can I do?

Adult Sadie	I think we've covered all the basics, and I'm sure you'll outsource a lot of product anyway.

Alex	I said I was sorry.

Adult Sadie	It's fine. I'm just really behind now.

Alex	So let me help.

Adult Sadie	That's okay. Why don't you take the morning off and spend it with Francie, I'm sure she'd love that.

Alex	Okay.

Francie	Why couldn't Sadie come?

Alex	She's working.

Francie	Why?

Alex	Because Daddy made a mess of things.

Francie	And Sadie has to clean it up?

Alex	Yeah, it looks like it.

Francie	You should go help her.

Alex	I think she needs a little space right now.

Francie	Can we buy her a present?

Alex	Yes we can, that's a great idea. You want to pick it out?

Francie	Mm-hmm (affirmative).

Alex	Okay. What do you think about this?

Francie	Mm-hmm (affirmative).

Alex	Yeah.

Alex	Hey. Want to give her some money? Here. Now put it right in the bucket. Merry Christmas. Nice work, bud. Good work. Come on! Let's go do it. I think she's going to love these gifts.

Alex	(singing)

Francie	(singing)

Francie	We brought you lunch.

Adult Sadie	You did?

Alex	Promise we're not here to interrupt. Just thought you might be getting hungry.

Francie	Did you clean up your mess?

Adult Sadie	What mess?

Francie	The one Daddy made.

Adult Sadie	Oh, that mess. No, I'm still working on it.

Alex	Hey, Francie, why don't you go find Sherry, and she can help you pick out a couple treats, all right?

Francie	Two?

Alex	One for now and one for later, okay? But no more.

Adult Sadie	Thanks for the food.

Alex	It's the least I can do.

Adult Sadie	I don't blame you, I really don't, but this is something I need to do by myself.

Alex	Yeah. I get that. You making turtles for the party?

Adult Sadie	No, we're just low so I thought I'd get that done before I start on the dessert.

Alex	Why don't I do this, stay out of your hair, and you can focus on the dessert?

Adult Sadie	You think you're ready to do turtles by yourself?

Alex	I'm ready.

Adult Sadie	Fine.

Francie	I got two cookies!

Alex	Baby, those are actually-

Adult Sadie	You want me to show you how to make them? Okay.

Adult Sadie	My daddy showed me how to make macarons when I was just about your age.

Francie	He did?

Adult Sadie	Uh-huh (affirmative), sitting right there.

Francie	Like me!

Adult Sadie	My job was to put the cream filling on just like this.

Francie	I can do that.

Adult Sadie	Okay. All right. Slowly. Do you know what my favorite flavor was?

Francie	Pink.

Adult Sadie	How did you know that?

Francie	That's my favorite color.

Alex	Ah, voila.

Adult Sadie	Very nice!

Alex	Well, I learned from the best.

Adult Sadie	I don't know about that. Okay, put them together just like I showed you. Nice, slow, and twist.

Alex	Hey, thank you for doing this.

Adult Sadie	This was a nice distraction.

Alex	I think they call it procrastination, actually.

Adult Sadie	Is it that obvious?

Alex	Still don't know what you're going to do, huh?

Adult Sadie	Not a clue.

Alex	Well, I find that inspiration strikes when you least expect it.

Adult Sadie	I hope so. Do you want to try one? Go on.

Alex	Ooh. Is it good? Yeah? All right baby, it's time to tell Sadie bye, okay?

Adult Sadie	Maybe you should take a few to share with your dad. Yeah?

Alex	Yeah, like that idea.

Adult Sadie	What do you think? Three? There's a good one.

Alex	That's very generous of you.

Adult Sadie	See you later.

Francie	Bye.

Adult Sadie	I'll see you later. Bye.

Alex	Listen, I hate to bring this up, and don't feel obligated at all, but tonight is Francie's pageant.

Adult Sadie	No, I know, it's on my calendar. I'll be there.

Alex	You don't have to. Honestly. I'll explain to her that you're busy, it's okay. She'll understand.

Adult Sadie	It's okay.

Alex	You sure? All right.

Adult Sadie	Bye.

Alex	Good luck.

Speaker 	And there were shepherds living out in the fields nearby, keeping watch over their flocks at night. An angel of the Lord appeared to them, and the glory of the Lord shone around them, and they were terrified.

Alex	Hey, you made it.

Adult Sadie	Wouldn't miss it. Besides, it's the hottest seat in town.

Speaker 	Do not be afraid! I bring you great news that will cause great joy for everyone. Today in the town of David, a savior has been born to you. He is the messiah, the Lord. This will be a sign to you. You will find a baby wrapped in cloths and lying in a manger. Glory to God in the highest. Peace on Earth, goodwill to men.

Speaker 	Let's go to Bethlehem and see this thing that has happened, which the Lord has told us about.

Speaker 	So they hurried off and found Mary and Joseph and the baby, who was lying in a manger.

Francie	(singing)

Speaker 	Wasn't she?

Speaker 	Chip off the old block.

Alex	Come here, you. Oh, I'm so proud of you! Good job, baby. You did so well.

Francie	Do you like my crown?

Adult Sadie	Yes, I love your crown. I'm thinking of getting one.

Alex	Oh, look at that.

Adult Sadie	How do I look?

Alex	Like an angel.

Francie	Are you coming to my house?

Alex	Well, baby, Sadie has something really, really important to work on tonight, but it was sweet of her to come, wasn't it? Yeah, it was. Thank you for that.

Adult Sadie	Of course. It was nice to meet you both.

Speaker 	Oh, you too. Very nice.

Speaker 	You too. Hope we see you again soon.

Alex	Bye.

Adult Sadie	Bye.

Speaker 	Aren't these cute? Where'd you get these?

Francie	I made them. Look at this one.

Speaker 	Oh.

Francie	You're supposed to wait til after Christmas, but Daddy keeps eating them.

Speaker 	Could you teach me to make some?

Francie	Sadie could!

Alex	Who wants peanut brittle?

Speaker 	I'll give it a try, thank you. Mm! Did you make this?

Alex	Yeah, you're surprised?

Speaker 	I know you're not official til after the first of the year, but you think we could get some of this before then?

Alex	Oh, boy. My profit margin's decreasing already. A toast? To Francie, the most convincing angel I've ever seen.

Speaker 	To Francie!

Speaker 	To Francie!

Alex	Well done, baby.

Speaker 	Mm, you should invite Sadie over for Christmas!

Francie	Yay!

Speaker	Sure.

Alex	That's something to think about.

Beth	Hi Sadie!

Adult Sadie	Hey, Beth, how are you?

Beth	Good. What can I get you?

Adult Sadie	Oh, caffeine and sugar.

Beth	You got it. Anything else?

Adult Sadie	Only if you have something that can help me come up with an idea?

Beth	I wish I did.

Adult Sadie	I think I'm trying so hard, my mind is blank.

Beth	Same thing happens to me. It's the pressure to create. I try to get my mind off of what I'm trying to think about. That's when it hits me. It's like it's so obviously, like it's been there all along.

Adult Sadie	Okay. My mind is a clean slate, thinking about nothing.

Beth	Merry Christmas.

Adult Sadie	Merry Christmas.

Adult Sadie	There it is. Right in front of me.

Beth	What is?

Adult Sadie	You're a genius. I've got to get to work. Thank you!

Beth	You're welcome!

Adult Sadie	I'm never going to get this all done.

Adult Sadie	I could use some help, after all. Okay. See you soon. Thanks.

Adult Sadie	Thought I could get everything done, but the houses got stuck in the snow and there just isn't enough time.

Carol	Oh, we're glad you called.

Adult Sadie	You are?

Carol	Yeah. It's nice to think you still need us, once in a while.

Christopher	How many nights have we spent right here? Valentine's Day, and Easter, trying to make all the chocolate so we could fill all the orders.

Carol	We always got them done, didn't we?

Adult Sadie	Well, it's going to take a miracle this time.

Carol	Even if you don't get every last detail done, it's going to be great.

Adult Sadie	But I wanted everything to be perfect for you.

Carol	Oh, sweetie. It already is. Why don't you take a little break? We'll keep working.

Adult Sadie	I'm not leaving you guys here.

Christopher	We can handle it. Go get something to eat, we'll be here when you get back.

Carol	Go.

Adult Sadie	Okay. Okay.

Adult Sadie	It finally came to me. You were right.

Alex	What did you say?

Adult Sadie	I said you were right.

Adult Sadie	You didn't have to come.

Alex	Yeah, I did. I had to hear it in person.

Adult Sadie	I'm not saying it again.

Alex	That's all right, I recorded it. I can play it back whenever I want.

Adult Sadie	Do you ever get that hint of sadness, right before Christmas? Because you know all the anticipation is almost over?

Alex	I guess so, yeah.

Adult Sadie	That's how I feel tonight. Excited, with a hint of sad. Tomorrow's the party, then Christmas, and you'll be the chocolatier.

Alex	Yeah. Honestly, I don't know how I'm going to do this without you. I'm not ready.

Adult Sadie	Yes, you are.

Alex	Sweet of you to think so, but we both know I'm not.

Adult Sadie	You don't have to do everything yourself, Alex.

Alex	Really? If that's the case, why don't I come back and help you tonight?

Adult Sadie	I would say okay, but I want it to be a surprise.

Alex	Why?

Adult Sadie	You may have played a very small part in my inspiration. I think you'll like it.

Alex	I played a part, huh?

Adult Sadie	If you hadn't talked me into ordering the gingerbread houses, and they hadn't been delayed, I never would have been forced to do something else.

Alex	So, I make problems and you solve them. Sounds like you're saying we make a great team.

Adult Sadie	Is that what you heard?

Alex	Mm-hmm (affirmative). I wanted to thank you. You really made this a special Christmas for Francie.

Adult Sadie	She's an easy kid to like.

Alex	She really likes you. She's going to miss you, after you leave.

Adult Sadie	I'll miss her too.

Alex	She may want to come visit, sometime.

Adult Sadie	She should.

Alex	I would have to be there, of course, she's too young to fly by herself.

Adult Sadie	Of course. And I'll come home, too. To visit my parents.

Alex	I bet they'd like that.

Adult Sadie	I hope so.

Alex	I'm sorry. One second. I have to pick up Francie.

Adult Sadie	I need to get back too.

Adult Sadie	Hi, you've reached Sadie's phone. I'm not here right now, so please leave a message.

Michael	Sadie, I was able to get a flight after all, so I'll be home for Christmas. So, I'll give you a call when I get in. Maybe we could get together. See you.

Francie	You think she'll like it?

Alex	I think she'll love it. Okay. To Sadie, from Francie and Alex.

Francie	You should write love.


Alex	And you should go get dressed. Go on, I'll finish this. Remember to brush your teeth.

Francie	Okay!

Alex	Okay.

Lisa	Merry Christmas!

Alex	Hey, Lisa, come in.

Lisa	Hey.

Alex	How are you?

Lisa	Good, good, how are you?

Alex	Pretty decent. Pretty decent.

Lisa	I can't stay, but this is for Francie.

Alex	Oh! Great, she's upstairs, we were just finishing this gift for Sadie.

Lisa	This tree looks amazing.

Alex	Yeah!

Lisa	Did you do this?

Alex	Not entirely. Sadie helped.

Lisa	Who is this Sadie?

Alex	Her parents own Annedore's, the place I'm buying.

Lisa	It's very nice of you to buy their daughter a gift.

Alex	Well, that was entirely Francie's idea. She really likes her. What?

Lisa	Nothing. It's nice.

Alex	It's a business relationship. She's been helping me out at the shop, so I'm helping her with her parents' retirement party. That's all.

Lisa	You don't have to explain anything to me.

Alex	We're just friends, Lisa.

Lisa	Alex, it's okay. I want you to find somebody. Laura would want that for you, too. Not just you, Francie needs someone.

Alex	She has you.

Lisa	It's not really the same.

Alex	Well, it doesn't matter. She was only here for Christmas.

Lisa	Well, have you told her how you feel?

Alex	Not in the exact words.

Lisa	Okay, so, use the exact words.

Alex	What if she doesn't feel the same?

Lisa	Oh, women do not just come to house and decorate your tree and spend time with your child because they have a business relationship with you.

Alex	They don't, huh?

Lisa	Nope, don't think so.

Adult Sadie	Hi, you've reached Sadie's phone. I'm not here right now, so please leave a message.

Michael	Ah, I'm not sure if you got my message, but I'm back and thought we could get together. Call me.

Adult Sadie	Did you know he plans on outsourcing his peanut brittle?

Christopher	No, I didn't know that. But it's not a bad idea since we only make it around the holidays.

Adult Sadie	But it's not just the brittle, he's going to change everything.

Christopher	Well, it's going to be his store.

Adult Sadie	Really? You don't care anymore?

Christopher	I've cared for over  years, Sadie. I've had my say. Now it's his turn. Alex can do whatever he wants.

Carol	I'll go talk to her.

Adult Sadie	Why am I the only one who cares?

Carol	Is it really the brittle that's got you so upset?

Adult Sadie	He has a girlfriend. I asked him if he did, and he said he didn't. Why would he do that?

Carol	Are you sure? I mean, that doesn't sound like him.

Adult Sadie	That's what I thought, too, but I was wrong.

Carol	I'm sorry.

Adult Sadie	I'm just so embarrassed.

Carol	Hey, uh-uh (negative). If anyone's embarrassed, it should be Alex. It's an early Christmas gift.

Adult Sadie	What is it?

Carol	Let's find out. I thought you might want something new to wear tonight.

Adult Sadie	It's beautiful. Thanks, Mom.

Carol	Sure. It's more beautiful on you.

Francie	You look pretty, Daddy.

Alex	Pretty, huh? That's what I was going for.

Francie	And smell good, too.

Alex	Oh, thank you. Hey, remember Aunt Lisa's coming to get you ready for the party. Daddy has to do something first, but I'll meet you there, okay?

Francie	Okay. (singing)

Alex	(singing) Hey!

Adult Sadie	Hi, you've reached Sadie's phone. I'm not here right now, so please leave a message.

Michael	So, I don't know if you got my earlier message, but I came back to see you. What are you doing for Christmas?

Michael	You're probably busy, so just thought I'd say, Merry Christmas, Sadie.

Adult Sadie	What are you doing here?

Alex	I've been wanting to talk to you.

Adult Sadie	Now's not a good time.

Alex	Please. It's important. I'm afraid if I don't tell you this now, then it's going to be too late.

Adult Sadie	I already know what you're going to say.

Alex	Really. I don't even know what I'm going to say.

Adult Sadie	You don't have to say anything. I just wish you would have been honest with me.

Alex	I haven't been dishonest with you.

Adult Sadie	I asked you if you had a girlfriend, and you said no.

Alex	I don't.

Adult Sadie	I saw you with her at the coffee shop. The morning we met?

Alex	You mean the day you told Taylor I was the Scrooge, and I was stealing Christmas?

Adult Sadie	You were listening to my conversation?

Alex	Couldn't help it, you were sitting right next to me.

Adult Sadie	Then you knew how I felt about Annedore's.

Alex	If I had known you then, I wouldn't have bought the place.

Adult Sadie	That's just it. You couldn't have known. I didn't.

Alex	I'm sorry.

Adult Sadie	It's okay. It's yours. And I wish you all the luck.

Alex	She's my sister-in-law.

Adult Sadie	Your sister-in-law.

Alex	Mm-hmm (affirmative). Lisa. Laura's sister.

Adult Sadie	I've got to get this to the hotel, so-

Alex	Let me carry it. Please, let me drive, the roads are getting slick.

Adult Sadie	Okay.

Alex	Did I tell you I like your dress?

Adult Sadie	No, you didn't.

Alex	Well, I do. You look nice.

Adult Sadie	So do you.

Alex	Thanks. Francie picked out my tie.

Adult Sadie	Where is Francie?

Alex	She'll be there.

Adult Sadie	I hope people will still come in this weather.

Alex	Well, if they don't, you're going to have a lot of leftover food.

Adult Sadie	You're always thinking about food.

Alex	I have a question. The first time we met, you acted like you didn't recognize me. Why didn't you say anything?

Adult Sadie	I hoped you hadn't seen me.

Alex	Trust me, I saw you. And the reason I showed up at Annedore's earlier, I wanted to...

Adult Sadie	Maybe talk about this later. I just want to focus on the party.

Alex	Yeah. Yeah, sure.

Adult Sadie	This is great.

Alex	Isn't it? Whoa. I love this place. Hey, I'll be right back.

Adult Sadie	Okay.

Speaker 	Here's your receipt.

Adult Sadie	I think there's been a mistake, I' can't pay for this.

Speaker 	It's already been paid.

Adult Sadie	Thank you.

Alex	I got that. Thanks so much. Oh, yeah. Thank you.

Adult Sadie	Thank you.

Alex	Thanks.

Adult Sadie	I don't think you're Ebeneezer. Not even close.

Alex	That might be the nicest thing you've ever said to me.

Adult Sadie	You're not at all who I thought you were going to be.

Alex	So? What did I tell you?

Adult Sadie	Wow. It looks incredible.

Alex	Yeah, it does.

Christopher	I can't believe it. You did all of this for us?

Carol	It's absolutely beautiful

Alex	Well, it was all Sadie.

Adult Sadie	No, it wasn't. I couldn't have done any of it, if it weren't for all of you. Taylor helped me decorate, Alex found this amazing room, and Mom and Dad were here to help me finish. I have a surprise.

Christopher	Oh!

Alex	Wow. Annedore's. That's brilliant.

Adult Sadie	It was your idea to do one big gingerbread house all along.

Christopher	I can't think of anything better than making a gingerbread house out of the place that brought us the most joy. And with the people that have brought me even more joy.

Carol	Shall we toast?

Christopher	To sweet endings, and new beginnings. For all of us.

Alex	Wait, wait, sorry. I don't think I can do this. You guys have such a wonderful business, but I'm not the right person for it. Sadie is.

Speaker 	Hey, Christopher, hey! Congratulations, man, we must be getting old, you know?

Adult Sadie	You can't back out.

Alex	Sadie, this has been your dream from the beginning. I'm not taking that from you.

Carol	What's going on?

Adult Sadie	Alex thinks that I want Annedore's, so he's backing out.

Christopher	What's wrong?

Carol	Alex thinks that Sadie wants Annedore's, and that's why he's backing out.

Christopher	Is this true?

Adult Sadie	I'm sorry, Daddy, I told him not to.

Christopher	It was always my dream that you would take over Annedore's, but I didn't think you wanted it.

Adult Sadie	Daddy-

Carol	We just want you to be happy.

Adult Sadie	I am. I can't do this to you.

Alex	Yes, you can. I can find another business. One that needs to change and grow. Not one that's already perfect.

Adult Sadie	We're not perfect. We need new equipment, and we could open a new location, and expand our existing product line.

Christopher	Are we still retiring?

Adult Sadie	I'll need a partner.

Alex	I'm listening.

Adult Sadie	I promise to listen to your ideas, if you listen to mine.

Alex	I love you. That's what I've been trying to tell you.

Adult Sadie	I love you too. Is that a yes? Because-

Francie	Sadie, Sadie! We got you something, me and Daddy!

Adult Sadie	You did?

Alex	Sadie, this is Lisa. Lisa, Sadie.

Lisa	Hi.

Adult Sadie	Hi, it's very nice to finally meet you.

Lisa	I've heard a lot about you. From both of them.

Francie	Open it!

Adult Sadie	Okay.

Francie	It's you and Daddy.

Alex	Yeah, she picked it out herself.

Adult Sadie	Thank you.

Santa	Ho, ho, ho, ho, ho! Merry Christmas! Ho, ho, ho!

Christopher	Can I get everybody's attention? Tonight is special. And not just because it's Christmas Eve. But because we're surrounded by all our friends. We got quite a surprise tonight. Not only are we retiring, but our dear Sadie is coming home to run Annedore's with her new business partner, Alex Mitchell. Alex? Francie? Welcome to the Annedore family. And Sadie? Welcome home. We couldn't be happier.

Alex	Cheers.

Christopher	Hear, hear?

Alex	Here baby, let me hold you.

Santa	Ho, ho, ho, ho! Merry Christmas. Have you been a good girl this year, Francie? What do you want for Christmas?

Francie	I already have it.

Adult Sadie	When I was a little girl, I was sure that Annedore's was a magical place. And if you look in the window?

Francie	That's me.

Adult Sadie	And I'm going to teach you. Just like my dad taught me, and his dad taught him.

Francie	And you taught Daddy.

Alex	Mm-hmm (affirmative).
