PAM	Hi, Mom. Is everything OK?

PAM’S MOTHER	Your father wants turkey this year.

PAM	What?

PAM’S MOTHER	You know we always have the Christmas ham, but for whatever reason he’s got his mind set on turkey this year.

PAM	It’s fine with me, ma.

PAM’S MOTHER	I was really hoping you’d be with me on this one, sweetheart.

PAM	Mom, of course I’m with you. I’m just saying if Dad would like turkey, that’s fine, too I will be there either way just like every Christmas before.

PAM’S MOTHER	And should we set an extra place for someone that you might be bringing this year?

PAM	Just me, mom. Is there anything else? I’m in the middle of a deadline.

PAM’S MOTHER	For your book!

PAM	Not my book, my job. I’ll call you back later and we’ll figure out this turkey or ham crisis together, OK?

PAM’S MOTHER	I’m sorry to bother you I know it’s not for a couple more weeks, but we’re really looking forward to seeing you for Christmas.

PAM	Me too, mom. Me too.

PAM’S MOTHER	And feel free to bring someone...

PAM	Goodbye, Mom.

TOBY	Ten more days until Christmas, Pam!

PAM	Can’t talk right now, Toby. I’m trying to finish up this article.

TOBY	You want a reindeer cupcake? I just baked a new batch last night.

PAM	No thanks.

TOBY	It’ll get you in a Christmas mood.

PAM	I don’t have time for Christmas just yet, okay?

LOUISE	Did I just hear somebody say they baked a new batch of reindeer cupcakes?

TOBY	I sure did!

LOUISE	Oooo, gimme!

TOBY	Merry “Twelve More Days Before Christmas”, Louise!

LOUISE	Back atcha, Toby!

PAM	What  now, mom?

PAM	I love Toby, I do but I’m trying to get my article in, and between his cupcake interruptions and antler distractions, I can barely string a sentence together.

BECKY	You deserve better than that, Pam.

PAM	I’m not responsible for who hires the Office assistants.

BECKY	I mean that job. They work you non stop I’m lucky I even got you to come out with me.

PAM	I’m a writer. I don’t get time off

BECKY	Working that long and that hard, you should be writing your own stuff.

PAM	It’s all my own stuff.

BECKY	You know what I mean Something you love. Something you care about.

PAM	Do you know how long it took me to get a job as a staff writer? On a major like “New York Minute”?

BECKY	You could self-publish your book.

PAM	I’d need to finish it first.

BECKY	Ah-HA! Now we’re getting somewhere. You need to take some time off and get it done!

PAM	I need to pay my rent.

MALE BAR PATRON #1	Hi there.

BECKY	Hi yourself.

MALE BAR PATRON #1	How bout a drink?

BECKY	Tell you what, give me a minute with my friend here and I’ll let  you know when I need a refill.

MALE BAR PATRON #1	I’ll be waiting.

BECKY	I know you will.

PAM	You’re keeping busy since the divorce, I’ll give you that.

BECKY	And you need to get busy, if you know what I mean His friend is cute.

PAM	Your “cute” and my “cute” aren’t the same.

BECKY	Whatever happened to that Mark guy from accounting? He was cute.

PAM	It’s complicated.

BECKY	You’re complicated.

PAM	Is it really that complicated to want someone that understands the little things?

BECKY	By little things, I’m assuming youmean understanding when you cancel  dates because you have to work?

PAM	I may have been slightly preoccupied We just weren’t a good fit. Look, it’s all about choices, right?

BECKY	What do you mean?

PAM	You’ve just been liberated I remember what that was like You’re dating you feel like you’re eighteen again.

BECKY	It’s awesome!

PAM	But soon enough you realize, you’re not eighteen life is short. But you’re still searching for someone who makes you feel...

BECKY	Eighteen again?

PAM	I need to get back to work.

BECKY	Oh, no I haven’t even told you what my surprise is yet!

BECKY	Merry Christmas!

PAM	“Christmas Cruise”? What is this?

BECKY	It’s a five-day boat trip from San Pedro, Port of Los Angeles to this tiny island about a two hundred miles out in the Pacific. It’s a resort called “Christmas Island”. One day there, three days on the sland, one day back. A designer friend gave me tickets for me plus a date, but since I don’t have date I’ll bring my best friend and find a date on the boat! She even got us plane tickets to L.A.

PAM	Becky, I don’t know what to say.

BECKY	Yes! Say yes! I wanted to splurge this year anyway after the divorce. And it’s been so long since you and I went on an adventure together, I figured this would be the perfect getaway.

PAM	It’s really called “Christmas Island”?

BECKY	It’s a theme resort 

PAM	Let me guess the theme Pirates?

BECKY	It’s amazing! And it’s only open one month out of the year. Night clubs, surfing, diving, tours of the island lots of single guys All Christmas themed!

PAM	“Santa Claus”-cute isn’t really my type, either 

BECKY	The cruise is Christmas themed. The guys are a variety pack. It’s going to be awesome.

PAM	Sounds wonderful, but Becky, you know I have to work.

BECKY	Oh, no You’ve definitely got some time off coming to you.

PAM	Look, it’s an amazing present. It’s just ... well, you know how it is this time of year. I can’t just fly off to California for a week with you 

BECKY	Hear me out. The cruise leaves in two days. We’ll fly out to L.A., go on the cruise and fly back next week. You’ll still have plenty of time to work yourself to death.

BECKY	You said it yourself, life is short and whether you realize it or not, you need an escape.

BECKY	At least take a night and think about it, OK?

PAM	Hi, mom.

PAM’S MOTHER	Crisis averted We will have ham and turkey It’s going to be a real feast this year!

PAM	Sounds great mom.

PAM’S MOTHER	Are you home?

PAM	I just got back actually.

PAM’S MOTHER	Oh Were you out on a date?

PAM	Just out with Becky. I’m getting ready to do a little work.

PAM	I’m glad you got everything worked out.

PAM’S MOTHER	It’s 10 o’clock, you’re working so hard.

PAM	It’s the job, mom.

PAM’S MOTHER	As long as you love it.

PAM’S MOTHER	You do love it, don’t you sweetheart?

PAM	I’m a writer in New York, what’s not to love?

PAM’S MOTHER	Just once I’d like to see someone standing next to you in the doorway when I open it.

PAM	I know, mom.

PAM’S MOTHER	Either way, I can’t wait to see you...

PAM	I know. Love you, mom. Give dad a hug.

PAM	What’s not to love.

TOBY	Boss wants to see you.

PAM	OK.

TOBY	He said now.

ARLO	Just got a gander at one of those articles you submitted last week.

ARLO	“How Millennials Are Helping To Change The City Infrastructure”.

ARLO	It’s true, you know.

PAM	That’s what I was going for.

ARLO	But I gotta be honest with you, it was a little boring.

PAM	“Boring”?

ARLO	Not the writing the subject. Millennials have been done to death, right?

ARLO	You’ve been here, what YIKES! You’ve been here a long time!


PAM	Where are you going with this, Arlo?

ARLO	Look, when my dad handed this place to me, I know what everyone was thinking

PAM	You do?

ARLO	Of course, but I want to do something special! I’ve been looking over these articles and man, it’s no wonder this boat is sinking.

PAM	Arlo, with all due respect, you are new to this.

ARLO	You’re the only writer we’ve got hat I actually like and that seems to have any talent at all.

PAM	and have excellent taste and are catching on very quickly.

ARLO	What’s that you wrote? “Like Aristotle said Good habits ormed at youth make all the difference, so we must take to heart the habits our youth are forming.” That part really hit me.I mean ... I have a string of bad habits! I mean...That’s gotta change!

PAM	OK.

ARLO	And don’t you think it’s time for a change here? This is New York! We’re competing with the Post, the Times, everybody’s getting their  news from their phones and a mashup of social media. We have to grab the reader What are you working on right now?

PAM	I’m finishing up that article about the Syracuse Dog Show.

ARLO	See, that’s not what we need.

PAM	You don’t like dogs?

ARLO	I love dogs. I don’t like Syracuse.

PAM	I went to Syracuse.

ARLO	Great school! My point is We  need something young and sexy.

PAM	Young ain’t always sexy, sweetie.

ARLO	You know what I mean I guess Idon’t mean “young” necessarily. But we need click-bait.Something’s that’s going to create  site traffic.


PAM	The Dog Show was assigned to me at the last staff meeting.

ARLO	You miss a couple meetings to beringside in Vegas and the whole train goes off the rails. Do you  like sports?

PAM	What?

ARLO	My dad’s chauffeur always said There’re two types of people in this world: Boxers and Sparring partners. Sometimes, you come across a sparring partner who wants to be a boxer. Why not? He’s been in the ring, he’s taking shots from the champ, he’s a great sparring partner. But he doesn’t have the skills to be a boxer. So he tries his hand at boxing and gets put in the hospital during his first fight. Now, we’re short a boxer and a sparring partner. You get what I’m saying, Pam?

PAM	No.


ARLO	Are you a boxer or a sparring partner? It’s like Apollo Creed says: Eyes on the Prize.

PAM	It’s “Eye of the Tiger”, Arlo. Apollo Creed says Eye of Tiger.

ARLO	See! There you go! You’re picking up what I’m laying down...

PAM	I wouldn’t say I’m picking it up.

ARLO	How’s this sound then: You find me what I want and you’re “New York Minute”’s managing editor!

PAM	Are you serious? Managing editor?

ARLO	I told you, you were the best we had Now, what do you say? Eyes on the prize!

PAM	Eye of the Tiger.

ARLO	There you go!

PAM	What would you like me to do?

ARLO	We’re doing a Christmas Issue and I want something big. Romantic A “Finding Love During the Holidays” kind of thing You’re single, right?

PAM	Look, I’m totally open to working on your ideas, but I don’t think I’m the right fit for this article. My dating life isn’t exactly something to write about.

ARLO	Then you’re the perfect fit! Think of it as wish-fulfillment piece. A single woman’s perspective on meeting somebody during the Christmas season. Our readers will eat it up. Especially if it’s someone your age.

PAM	“My age”? How old do you think I am?

ARLO	You’re beautiful, talented, and sophisticated.

PAM	Thank you.

ARLO	And like so many other beautiful, sophisticated, talented women, you’re alone on Christmas cause I don’t know why Probably because it’s so hard to meet some one worth a pint of pomegranate juice in this city We got to put you in a place where meeting someone is a done deal

PAM	Me?

ARLO	Think of a sort of...undercover expose We don’t want people to know you’re a reporter. We just want you to be...

PAM	My beautiful, sophisticated and talented self?

ARLO	Exactly. We just have to brainstorm where to send you. It probably wouldn’t hurt if it’s someplace exotic.

PAM	Like Queens?

ARLO	No, no, no It’s freezing! Think destination! Tropical! Warm! An Escape! ...she sits back in her space...

PAM	Warm and tropical, huh?

ARLO	Yeah! Love! Exciting.

PAM	An Escape?

ARLO	You have an idea?

PAM	Wow, that’s big ...

BECKY	When’s the last time you were on a cruise ship?

PAM	Never. My family was more into camping. All of our vacations were at state parks. Those waves look choppy.

BECKY	You’ll be fine. The ship’s so big, you won’t even feel the waves.

BECKY	What are you doing?

PAM	Just making some notes.

BECKY	Pam, this is supposed to be a vacation.

PAM	What? I’m just writing down my first impressions of the boat. For my journal. She finishes writing. Puts away the notepad and pen. Glances meaningfully at Becky as she does so.

PAM	See? I’m putting it away.

PAM	I think we might be the only people on this cruise who remember the 80s.

BECKY	Just how I like it. I’m hoping to find someone that thinks something by Britney Spears is an oldie but a goodie. You guys all ready for the Christmas Cruise!

DAVID	You bet! You know they have all the shrimp you can eat? 

PAM	You’re taking a cruise just for the shrimp?

JESSICA	He thinks with his stomach.

DAVID	That’s not the only thing I think with.

JESSICA	I’m Jessica Knoll.

DAVID	Soon to be Jessica Knoll. Holland.

JESSICA	This is my fiancee David Holland.

PAM	Pam Stevenson. Congratulations!

BECKY	Becky Monroe. Best of luck.

DAVID	Is this your first time on the Christmas Cruise?

PAM	This my first time on any cruise.

JESSICA	We actually met on this cruise a couple years ago.

PAM	Really? How romantic.

DAVID	We’re finally moving ...

PAM	Can I please have my notepad back?

BECKY	If you promise to go just a few hours without jotting something down Just try to live in the moment. Take it in. Is your memory failing so much that you have to write everything down?

PAM	I just want to be accurate.

BECKY	Accuracy? Your news writing is starting to get in the way of even your journaling I’m telling you, you need to rethink that job.

PAM	I think there’s going to be a change soon.

BECKY	Good. So, put the Moleskine away for a little bit, otherwise, I’m throwing it overboard

PURSER	Welcome aboard the Christmas Queen, the holly-est, jolly-est ship on the seven seas. Enjoy the cruise and be sure to check out our world-famous Holiday Shrimp Bar, located in the dining hall on Mistletoe Deck. Ho-ho-ho.

PURSER	Welcome aboard the Christmas Queen, the holly-est, jolly-est ship on the seven seas. Enjoy the cruise and be sure to check out our world-famous “Christmas Culinary Demonstrations and Wine Tasting” on the Main Deck! Ho-ho ho!

BECKY	I warned you...

JAKE	Is this yours?

BECKY	Well, go get it.

PAM	Nice hat.

JAKE	Thank you.

JAKE	“Opulent holiday decor adorning the sleek ocean liner appropriately setting up passenger expectations for immersion in holiday fantasy...so many young, beautiful people, searching for escape...” Travel reporter?

PAM	No. No. That’s just my...journal.

JAKE	You’re good. You should write professionally.

PAM	Thank you. I do actually. I work at “The New York Minute”.

JAKE	Are you serious? I love New York Minute! I actually have a subscription My friends kid me about still getting the hard copies and not going digital. Child of the 80s.

PAM	What a crazy coincidence, huh?

JAKE	Are you writing an article about the cruise, or ...?

PAM	Oh, no I’m just on vacation with my friend, there.

PAM	I’m Pam Stevenson. Are you...with anyone?

JAKE	I’m Jake Rockwell. I guess you could say, I’m with everyone.

PAM	You’re the cruise director?

JAKE	That I am. And as much as I’d love to keep this conversation going, it’s gonna have to wait while I help greet the other passengers.

JAKE	Hope you enjoy yourselves! I’ll see you around ...

BECKY	MMM-hmmm.

PAM	What?

BECKY	I told you this would be good for you.

PAM	Oh come on. He’s the cruise director, he just ditched me for everyone else on the boat.

BECKY	Seemed pretty friendly.

PAM	That’s my point! He’s friendly with everyone.

BECKY	But you’re not friendly with everyone that all looked like an ice-breaker to me.

PAM	Isn’t there some sort of rule against crew mingling with the passengers.

BECKY	Yes.

BECKY	And don’t you think it’s time you break the rules for a change?

BECKY	I know I can think of a couple I’d like to break ...

PAM	I love this color...

BECKY	Ooo, I love this bed!

PAM	Where am I sleeping?

BECKY	Oh, no There must have been a mistake.

PAM	Yeah, I’ll say. I’ll go find the clerk.

BECKY	You mean, the purser.

PAM	Fine. The purser. Whoever is in charge of beds I’ll just tell him to move us to another room.

BECKY	I’ll open the window and air the place out a bit ...

BECKY	Get over here!

BECKY	Take a look at that I don’t want to move to another room and lose this view.

PAM	It is beautiful.

BECKY	Do you still think waves are gonna be a problem?

PAM	Thank you. This is a great gift.

BECKY	My pleasure. But there’s something you’re going to need to do for me.

PAM	What’s that?

BECKY	If it helps, think of it as your Christmas gift to me:

PAM	OK?

BECKY	I know this is a weird concept for you, but I want you to try to have some fun!

PAM	I’m having fun already.

BECKY	I’m serious, Pam You’re my best friend and I love you, but you can’t spend your whole life working! You need a break. It’s vacation time! Relax!

BECKY	Escape.

PAM	Escape.

BECKY	And stop scowling.

PAM	I’m not scowling! I have “Resting Scowl Face”! It’s a legitimate medical condition!

BECKY	We are gonna have fun this week!

CAPTAIN CLYDE	Attention, passengers! Welcome to the Christmas Queen, the holly- est, jolly-est ship on the seven seas! This is Captain Clyde, your lovable ship’s captain, and we are about to leave port to embark on our forty-first annual Christmas Cruise! If you direct your attention out of the port-side windows, you can wave good-bye to your loved ones as we sail majestically two hundred miles west to the world’s only Christmas themed resort: “Christmas Island”!

BECKY	Seriously, what’s with that look?

PAM	We don’t really have any loved ones to wave to.

BECKY	Maybe we’re looking in the wrong direction.

BOB	Can I help you?

PAM	Hi, you’re the cruise hotel manager, right? I’m one of your passengers. I have a small complaint about my bed.

BOB	It’s not comfortable enough?

PAM	Not exactly we were supposed to have two of them in our room and we only have one.

BOB	You want to handle this one, Rockwell? I still have to get some extra towels for that family in Four-B.

VOICE	Sure, Bob.

JAKE	Hello, again How can I help you?

PAM	Hello again! I don’t suppose  you’re also secretly the captainor something?

JAKE	I like to think of myself as a  Captain, but no what’s theproblem?

PAM	It’s our cabin.

JAKE	“Stateroom”.

PAM	Huh?

JAKE	It’s not a cabin It’s a Stateroom. You don’t like the decor?

PAM	No, no I love the color scheme. Green’s my favorite color it’s just that “my stateroom” only hasone bed They still call them beds, right? Or do they call them something different on the boat?

JAKE	The “Ship”.

PAM	You call the bed “The Ship”? Thisdoesn’t have anything to do with  you thinking about yourself as a “Captain” does it?

JAKE	No, a “bed” is still a bed. The “boat” is called a ship.

PAM	Oh.

JAKE	I’ll have somebody wheel a rollaway to your stateroom as soon as possible.

PAM	A rollaway? Can’t you just move my friend and I to another cabi- stateroom?

JAKE	I’m sorry the cruise is fully booked. No vacancies.

PAM	Maybe we can trade with a couple?

JAKE	A couple?

PAM	Somebody with more beds than they might need?

JAKE	Ah I’m sorry, but that’s the best we can do Just leave your room number with the cruise hotel manager and we’ll get you that rollaway.

PAM	We’re on a boat and I’m on a rollaway...will it well, roll away while I’m sleeping? 

JAKE	No. No. You’ll be fine. You know, “Cot Monthly” recently gave us an award for having the most comfortable rollaway beds on any cruise ship ever.

PAM	Oh.

PAM	Wait. Cot Monthly? That doesn’t sound like a real publication to me.

JAKE	I’ll make sure you get extra pillows and comforters, too. And we won’t charge you for the extra bed.

PAM	Okay, okay, I’m sold.

JAKE	Enjoy your cruise, Ms. Stevenson.

BECKY	What could you possibly be writing about now, the gingerbread man?

BECKY	Have something against Christmas decorations?

PAM	I love Christmas decorations ...but he was staring at me!

BECKY	He’s a cookie, Pam.

DAVID	Hello again, mind if we join you?

PAM	Sure.

PAM	Something funny?

DAVID	You’re sitting where I was when we first met.

PAM	h.

JESSICA	This is “our table”.

PAM	Would you like to sit here?

JESSICA	It’s OK.

JESSICA	A friend and I decided that it would be fun to take a cruise to get away 

DAVID	Someone told me about the buffet on this ship Did you know.

PAM	All you can eat shrimp You mentioned it.

DAVID	Well, my buddy and I were dressed for dinner. Like tonight. And I got a look at this one and...

DAVID	I knew we’d be together forever.

BECKY	And what to my wondering eyes should appear...

PAM	What’s this?

SANTA CLAUS	Ho-ho-ho, everybody! Your ol’ pal Santa was out at sea catching some tasty waves and decided to drop by here for an early visit! Have you all been good girls and boys this year?


SANTA CLAUS	I can’t hear you ...!!!


SANTA CLAUS	Alright, then! It’s time for presents!

SANTA CLAUS	Sarah and Courtney Johnson! Step on up and receive your Christmas gift!

SARAH JOHNSON	Thanks, Santa!

SANTA CLAUS	Merry Christmas!

SARAH JOHNSON	These are perfect!

COURTNEY JOHNSON	Just seven more months, he’ll be wearing these like a champ ...Pam turns from watching this exchange to:

PAM	How did he know they were expecting a kid?

JESSICA	Somehow, he always gives out just the right present.

PAM	It’s a trick, right?

SANTA CLAUS	Pamela Stevenson? I have a present for you.

PAM	It’s a little big for a gift card to House O’ Coffee.

SANTA CLAUS	I’m sure you’ll get plenty of use out of it.

PAM	Thank you, uh, Santa.

SANTA CLAUS	Don’t mention it! It’s what I do! Merry Christmas!

BECKY	Well? Are you going to open it or what? The suspense is killing me!

SANTA CLAUS	Rebecca Monroe? I have a present for you!

BECKY	Wait until I get back to open yours, okay?

BECKY	Well, it’s pretty, but I’m not particularly into fish ...

JESSICA	You should wear it anyway. It’s probably a good luck charm.

SANTA CLAUS	David Holland and Jessica Knoll?

BECKY	Well? Are you going to open it or just stare at it all night?

PAM	I don’t know. It’s probably something lame, like your present.

BECKY	It’s not lame! It’s actually growing on me. I think this is real gold ...

DAVID	Look at that ...!

JESSICA	“And so begins the time of your life, Congratulations Jessica & David”

DAVID	I told you, Santa’s never wrong.

BECKY	Wow.

PAM	It’s beautiful. My mom gave me a set like this for Christmas when I was nine. I wrote my first short story in it.

JESSICA	It’s lovely!

DAVID	Looks like Christmas Cruise Santa strikes again!

BECKY	What are you doing? It’s 10o’clock and everybody else is partying and you’re already your PJs?

PAM	I was just ... writing a few things down.

BECKY	For just a moment, I was hoping you were in here with that Cruise director.

PAM	Becky.

BECKY	You are coming with me to the ship’s lounge. There are a lot of cute guys down there!

PAM	Tomorrow. I’m pretty beat.

BECKY	Pam.

BECKY	We had a deal You’re on vacation. You’re going to have some fun.

PAM	Who says I’m not having fun now?

BECKY	I just did. Now, let’s get you ready for action.

BECKY	Now that’s what I’m talking about.

PAM	I am so lucky to have a fashion stylist as a best friend. Do I really look OK?

BECKY	You really don’t know, do you?

PAM	What?

BECKY	Pam, you’re gorgeous. You’re the sweetest, most talented woman I know and it’s time you let some lucky fella see that.

BECKY	Come on!

BECKY	You know there are a lot of guys on this cruise.

PAM	Mmm-hmmm.

BECKY	Meaning if the one you’re looking for doesn’t happen to be here, you can always find another.

PAM	I don’t know what you’re talking about.

BECKY	You don’t?

PAM	No.

BECKY	Cause you look like you’re looking for somebody particular.

BECKY	Pam?

PAM	Hmmm. What?

BECKY	Me likey. Come on.

PAM	Becky

BECKY	What?

PAUL	Would you lovely ladies care to dance? I’m Paul. This is my friend, Gil.

BECKY	Love to. I’m Becky. This is Pam.

PAM	Not much for dancing.

PAM	You know I hate dancing.

GIL	Me too. I have Plantar fasciitis something fierce. I was just being polite.

GIL	How ‘bout a drink?

PAM	Sure.

BOB	Gotta say, Jake The honeymoon was pretty fantastic. It was pretty nice to be on dry land for a change, you know what I mean?

JAKE	Not long for the south seas are you, Bob.

BOB	And how bout you?

JAKE	What about me?

BOB	Oh, come on Jake Every woman at our wedding was wondering why you were there alone.

JAKE	By choice. I had a lot of fun at your wedding.

BOB	Yeah. Yeah. I also notices you didn’t seem particularly interested in any of those women.

JAKE	What? I was very friendly.

BOB	Of course, you always are. But you’re not fooling me, Jake. It’s kind of like you were at my wedding.

JAKE	What do you mean?

BOB	You act like you’re enjoyingyourself, but deep down you know  something might be missing.

BOB	Have a good night.

PAUL	Wow, a jade flounder! I've been studying the real thing for years!

BECKY	Studying?

PAUL	I’m a marine biology student at UCLA Do you know how rare these fish are?

BECKY	You like my necklace?

PAUL	It’s beautiful.

GIL	...I’m on my feet a good bit. I play a lot of basketball at least I did. I have high arches. Are you uncomfortable?

PAM	What?

GIL	Those shoes look really uncomfortable.

PAM	Yes. It’s definitely the shoes.

PAM	Oh, thank goodness I mean...excuse me I need to take this...

PAM	Arlo, where are you exactly It’s got to be 3 in the morning there.

ARLO	I was out tonight and...I almost fell in love.

PAM	What happened?

ARLO	She threw a drink in my face and didn’t want to come home with me.

PAM	I’m sorry.

ARLO	I even told her I had a boat.

PAM	What?

ARLO	Well, it’s my dad’s boat. It’s a yacht still a boat Speaking of boats.

PAM	Ship.

ARLO	Huh?

PAM	Forget it What’s going on, Arlo?

ARLO	You having any luck on the Barco de amor? That Spanish for the boat of loooove.

PAM	Are you drunk?

ARLO	Drunk on failure, Pam. And I’m counting on you to sober me up.

ARLO	This sea cruise idea has all the makings of a winner. You gotta help me make my life easier. I hope you come up with something. You’ve got to. I know you will. 

ARLO	I know what you’re thinking out there on the high seas, surrounded by all those beautiful women.

PAM	Arlo?

ARLO	And dudes. Lot of cute dudes, am I right? But you understand at your age ...

ARLO	You get it! The opportunity to  make good on a lifetime of hard work and sacrifice? You get one shot. Take that shot. Have some fun, meet some guy, escape for a little bit, come up with a good story and then come home. Get back to work. In a couple of weeks you’ll be so busy picking out  furniture for your swanky new office that you won’t even have the time to worry about how alone you are, right?

ARLO	Can’t wait to see what you come up with. Talk soon.

JAKE	Don’t do it.

PAM	Don’t do what?

JAKE	Jump.

PAM	Why would I jump?

JAKE	I have no idea. But you’d be surprised, once every couple of years, some passenger gets the bright idea to go over the railing and then, we have to throw out the lifeboat and somebody has to fish them out of the water. It’s a whole thing. Why aren’t you inside dancing?

PAM	I’m not much of a dancer.

JAKE	I find that hard to believe.

PAM	Why aren’t you inside dancing?

JAKE	I’m off duty for a few minutes. Just taking a little break. I like coming out here late at night. Everything’s quiet, peaceful, you got the open sea laid out before you.- it makes you think.

PAM	I know what you mean. You know, I was...a little scared that I might be sea sick, but this is.

PAM	This is very nice.

JAKE	You’re enjoying yourself, so far?

PAM	So far...

JAKE	Did you like your gift from Santa?

PAM	Did you have something to do with that?

PAM	How did you know?

JAKE	Your old notebook looked like it was getting full. You mentioned green was your favorite color. You just have to pay attention to the little things.

PAM	I heard there was...some sort of policy about crew mingling with the guests.

JAKE	Yeah. That’s strictly off limits.

JAKE	Of course, technically I’m off duty for a few more minutes...

JAKE	Are you asking me to dance?

GIL	There you are!

GIL	Your ice cubes were melting. I hate when your drink gets all watered down, don’t you?

GIL	Oh, hey! Jack, right?

JAKE	Jake.

GIL	Right You have any luck finding a pair of flippers?

JAKE	Plantar fasciitis Yes, I’ll bring them by your room before we dock.

GIL	Great!

JAKE	I should get back to work.

GIL	Good night.

PAM	Good night.

GIL	Good night!

CAPTAIN CLYDE	Good morning, passengers! This is your intrepid captain speaking! If you look out the port-side windows, you’ll notice we are currently dropping anchor at our destination: beautiful Christmas Island! Here, you’ll be able to disembark and enjoy all the wonderful sights and activities that an island resort named after a holiday can offer you! Enjoy yourselves, and don’t forget the reason for the season! Ho-ho-ho!

BECKY	Isn’t Paul, great!

PAM	Little young for my taste, Beck.

BECKY	I’m sorry I know you’re not feelin’ his friend.

GIL	You guys mind if we take a seat? My feet are killing me!

PAM	Whatever gave you that idea?

BECKY	I still think you need to cut loose a little.

PAM	This guy’s half my age and I’m in better shape than he is.

DAVID	We have been walking around for hours. Maybe we should find somewhere to chill out for a while?

JESSICA	Maybe with an enormous ice-cold drink?

BECKY	Egg nog?

PAM	I was thinking about an iced wait, egg nog? Are you serious?

BECKY	Yeah. I just suddenly got a craving ...

PAUL	Where are you going?

GIL	I’m having a tough time getting a signal around here.

BECKY	Signal?

GIL	WiFi I’m going to head back to the ship I need to check in on my fantasy team.

BECKY	Fantasy team?

PAUL	He’s kind of obsessed with fantasy football.

GIL	I’ll catch up with you guys later.

PAM	Oh, are you sure?

PAM	Jake! I mean What are you doing here? I thought you’d be on the boat.

JAKE	Ship.

PAM	Ship.

JAKE	I’m in charge of passenger activities on and off the ship and Ol’ Lucky here.

JAKE	..is official resort transportation. There’s a dance class in a few minutes that my  partner here can take you to oryou can take a tour of the island with me.

BECKY	Oooo Dancing! That sounds fun.

PAUL	I’m game.

PAM	I’m not really up for a dance class.

JAKE	Why don’t you take these two over to the Baile Club, help get them set up.

BECKY	Are you sure you don’t want to.

BECKY	Oh Right. Meet up with you later. Have fun...

PAM	Well, I guess it’s just you and me.

JAKE	I’m still on the clock, but if you’re interested in a nickel tour of the grounds?

DAVID	That sounds great! Show us the most beautiful place on the island.

PAM	Does this thing have seat belts?

PAM	It’s so beautiful out here.

JESSICA	Are we heading back soon? Wouldn’t want the boat to leave without us. 

PAM	Ship.

JAKE	Don’t worry. The ship’s only left without me once.

PAM	It left without you?

JAKE	Not this ship I was working in Europe and I got stuck in Venice.

JAKE	Of course, if you’re going to be stuck anywhere...

JAKE	We’re here.

DAVID	Wow! Babe, how many times have we taken this cruise and we’ve never seen a view like this!

JAKE	I figured those two might want some privacy.

PAM	Very perceptive.

PAM	Wow! OK, it is a pretty great view, I’ll give you that.

JAKE	You should really try just..enjoying it.

PAM	I was just taking pictures for my...

JAKE	Beautiful, huh? Sometimes, you just have to appreciate the little things.

PAM	So this isn’t your first cruise ship? I mean you’ve always worked in travel?

JAKE	Oh, no I worked construction for a few years I even worked in an accounting office.

PAM	You were an accountant?

JAKE	If you can believe it, I started as an accountant I lasted about a minute My marriage lasted slightly longer, but after my divorce I knocked around in a couple different things and ...now, here I am.

JAKE	How about you, Pamela Stevenson. How did you wind up on the edge of a cliff in the South Pacific? What does your boyfriend think about you going off on a sea cruise?

PAM	I don’t have a boyfriend at the moment.

JAKE	Really?

PAM	Is there a law that I have to have one?

JAKE	I’m just surprised that a beautiful, talented woman like you is single.

PAM	How many girls have you taken to this spot?

JAKE	Just one.

PAM	Oh.

JAKE	Counting today.

PAM	Right.

JAKE	That surprises you?

PAM	You just seem like the exact sort of person that would do something like that all the time.

JAKE	What kind of person? A ruggedly- handsome cruise director?

PAM	A “ruggedly-handsome cruise director”?

PAM	What are you doing?

JAKE	I’m not sure.

JAKE	I’m telling the truth, you know. I’ve never taken anyone up here At least not in the way that you’re thinking.

PAM	You know what I’m thinking?

JAKE	I think I do...

GIL	Oh, Jimmy! Thank God! I am so lost! Pam!

JAKE	It’s getting late, we should get back.

JAKE	What the ...!

JAKE	I think the battery needs to charge up ...

DAVID	Are we stuck here?

JAKE	No, we’re not stuck here. 

PAM	We can always call somebody for a ride or something ...

JAKE	There’s no coverage on this side of the island.

JAKE	Well, we can walk back to the resort. It’s only like twenty minutes away on foot.

GIL	Dude, my feet are shot!

PAM	I had a feeling you were going to say that.

JAKE	If we follow the road we can just cut through Candy Cane Orchard and we should get a signal eventually and somebody can come and get us. Pam come with me. You guys stay here. It’ll be OK.

JESSICA	You sure you guys will be OK? 

JAKE	We’ll be fine. At least we have a flashlight.

JAKE	...so you’re just working all the time?

PAM	Sure, but I have a plan. I’ve been a journalist my entire adult life. Like I said, I worked my way up the ranks at “New York Minute” and it’s finally about to pay off.

JAKE	And then what?

PAM	What do you mean, “and then what”?

JAKE	And then what about the rest of your life?

JAKE	Relationships, having fun, enjoying what you worked for? Stuff like that?

PAM	I love being a writer.

JAKE	Yeah, but you don’t love working at New York Minute. 

PAM	I told you, we’re making big changes and I’m going to be a part of that.

JAKE	But you’re still working for this. kid.

PAM	Kid. Yeah. Maybe it’s not exactly what I want to be doing, but. nothing is perfect, right?

JAKE	What do you want to do? If you could write about anything you wanted, what would it be?

PAM	A book I’ve been This might sound funny but I’m writing so much for my job I don’t have time to work on my book.

JAKE	Sounds a little like an excuse.

PAM	Nobody’s paying me to write my memoirs. Anyway, you’re pretty much the last person who has the right to lecture somebody else about their long-term goals.

JAKE	What’s that supposed to mean?

PAM	Because I don’t think you have any.

JAKE	I go where the wind takes me.

PAM	How can you live like that?!? No plan? No discipline? That would drive me up a wall!

JAKE	It’s easy. Instead of plotting out the next ten years of my life, I just go out and live it. I get to travel the world, meet lots of great people, experience incredible things.

PAM	Do you even have a home?

JAKE	We’re heading towards it right now.

PAM	Still nothing!

JAKE	You know, I think you want this promotion so bad, you’re forgetting what you even want it for.

PAM	I don’t even know what that means.

JAKE	There’s time for everything. You can work hard and still have a life. You can still be happy.

PAM	Who said I’m not happy?

JAKE	Are you?

PAM	I don’t know ...

JAKE	Maybe you just need somebody in your life to remind you?

PAM	And you think that somebody is you?

JAKE	Maybe.

PAM	Maybe?

JAKE	Only one way to find out.

JAKE	We have a signal.

PAM	Yeah.

JAKE	We should get help. And we should keep this to ourselves. We’ve got a busy night tomorrow evening, but I might be able to carve out some time off. Meet me then?

BECKY	And what have you been up, to? Seems like you took...

BECKY	...the quote-unquote “long way back”.

GIL	Wait up!

BECKY	I’ve known you long enough that I can tell when you’re holding something back from me. Your face scrunches up ...

PAM	I told you It’s not a scrunch. it’s a legitimate medical condition 

BECKY	No, no, no this isn’t Resting Scowl Face”. This is kissing Jake’s face.

BECKY	I knew it! You and the Cruise director!

PAM	Keep it down, I don’t want him to get in trouble.

BECKY	Ah HA! So you admit it!

PAM	Just keep quiet, OK.

BECKY	But you do like him, right?

PAUL	Koo Koo Ka Choo, ladies.

BECKY	Hello, Gorgeous.

PAUL	I had a blast at that dance class. You can really move. You guys know about the Christmas Ball the last night of the cruise. It’s a lot of fun. By the way, I don’t think Gil’s going to make it He’s really under the weather and his feet are really bothering him.

PAM	So sorry to hear that.

BECKY	I don’t think she’ll have a problem finding another date.

PAUL	Are you as good a dancer as your friend, here?

PAM	I don’t dance. I’m a professional wallflower?

BECKY	How you gonna do it if you really don’t want to dance?

PAM	Please.

PAM	“There is a certain inescapable old-fashioned charm to ‘Christmas Island’.

PAM	At every turn, the streets are festooned with tinsel and candy canes, the smell of gingerbread is in the air and the people are ...”

PAM	“Festooned”? That doesn’t sound right ...

PAM	      This is Pam ...

ARLO	It’s me.

PAM	Arlo. How’s the City?

ARLO	Cold. Damp. Too many people. I met this girl last night. I was at a Club in meat packing. The music’s 
BOOMING back and forth BOOM. BOOM BOOM BOOM I see this beautiful blonde with legs all the way up to heaven, I walk across the floor and ask her name and do you know what she says?

PAM	I have a feeling it’s not good.

ARLO	Amy.

PAM	And?

ARLO	I turned right around.

PAM	Why?

ARLO	She said her name was Amy Amy was the first girl I had a crush on in first grade She broke my heart.

PAM	Hang on a second, you’re telling me that just because the name reminded you of a bad experience, you didn’t take a chance on having a good one?

ARLO	You know when you put it that way, it makes it sound like a missed opportunity.

ARLO	How bout you? You fall in love yet?

ARLO	Are you smiling? I can actually hear you smiling!

PAM	What? How can you.

ARLO	You found someone! This is great. This is fantastic! This story’s going to rock! I got those pictures you took Of the sunset. I can practically smell the salt water. Oh man! Did you make love on the beach under the sunset. That’s hot! Was she a redhead?

PAM	Huh?

ARLO	I mean Is he cute?

ARLO	He is cute. That’s fantastic.

PAM		I actually wasn’t planning on writing about myself My friend hooked up with a young student!

ARLO	A young student! That’s amazing! Go ahead and write about yourfriend, too! Double trouble! Man,  this is fantastic It seems like there’s a lot of action on this thing.

PAM	It’s not what you think.

ARLO	I should have gone on a cruise! I think I’ll book one for next year. Heaven knows, I’ll still be single. Anyway the story sounds great. Remember, the more steamy, the more circulation!

PAM	Steamy?

ARLO	Sexy.

ARLO 	Boy, I’m glad at least one of us got lucky. Shame it has to end.

PAM	Huh?

ARLO	Well, you can’t stay on the boat forever, right?

ARLO	Pam?

PAM	Ship.

ARLO	What?

PAM	It’s called a ship.

ARLO	Oh. Right. Well, good work, Pam. Looking forward to seeing the final piece. Sounds like you’ve got a lot of great stuff to work with. Remember sexy!

PAM	“On my first excursion from the ship to Christmas Island, I met a charming, marine biology student named ‘Paul’, who complimented me on my jade flounder necklace ...”

PAM	“As night fell over Christmas Island, we found ourselves stranded, yet finally alone. And 
though it was forbidden, we couldn’t resist any longer. Our bodies pressed against each other 
for just a moment. Our hearts throbbing as our lips deliciously met...”

BECKY	Paul said this was the best place on the island!

PAM	I notice he didn’t join us!

BECKY	I’m your best friend! I wanted a girls’ night out! Especially since you didn’t get to do anything with me last night!

PAM	What did he get to do with you last night?

BECKY	I’ll never tell. I think he may be a little worn out. He’s helping nurse Gil, poor guy.

PAM	Are you singing karaoke?

DAVID	If I work up enough courage.

WAITRESS	Ho-ho-ho! What can I get started for you two lovebirds tonight?

JESSICA	I’ll have a “Sleigh Ride”.

DAVID	Make mine a “Midnight Clear”.

WAITRESS	I’ll have those out in just a twitch of Santa’s nose.

PAM	I couldn’t tell if those were drinks or song requests ...

JAKE	Seasons Greetings, everyone and welcome to “Karaoke Night” at the North Pole Bar. Thank you for joining me! We do this every night here on Christmas Island, as you know, so take a moment to pick a Christmas favorite from the ol’ songbook. I’m hoping to see everybody up here tonight ...

PAM	I guess it was only a matter of time...

MAX	I’m Max the bartender, welcome to the North Pole Bar, ho-ho-ho.

PAM	Yeah, yeah, hi, Max. What’s the special?

MAX	The “I Saw Mommy Kissing Santa Claus”.

PAM	Are you serious? What’s in it?

MAX	Well, eggnog, peppermint a bit of.

PAM	Never mind, don’t tell me. I want it to be a surprise.

MAX	It comes with a Christmas cookie garnish.

BECKY	Make it two.

PAM	We’re not actually singing karaoke, right?

BECKY	Come on Cut loose!

PAM	Well, bottoms-up, I guess ...

BECKY	Cheers ...

BECKY	It’s better with the Christmas cookie!

PAM	Are you OK?

BECKY	I’m wonderful!

JAKE	Well, I think we can all agree that was a musical tour de force, right, gang?

JAKE	And now, we’re going to try something a little different. I’m gonna pick a lucky passenger at random ...

DAVID	Good Evening, Ladies and Gentleman, I’m David Holllland... He’s a bit drunk...

DAVID	Hollaaaaaa!

DAVID	You may have seen me around  along with my beautiful bride to be Jessica. I just wanted to get up here and sing. Sing a song. Sing out loud. Sing out strong.

JESSICA	Sweetie

DAVID	I love you!

JESSICA	I love you, too. sweetheart

DAVID	Do you? Jessica’s eyes widen.

DAVID	Are you scared? I’m a little scared.

JAKE	OK David Holland everyone and his beautiful bride to be. Jessica...

JAKE	Everyone “Jingle Bells” “Jingle Bells”...

JAKE	This one. What’s your name, ma’am?

PAM	You know darn right well what my name is!

JAKE	Whoa, that’s some salty language, let’s see if you have a sweeter voice...

PAM	Oh, no! I was just about to go get some fresh air...

BECKY	Gimme that mic And a C A BOUNCY C!

PAM	Mind if I join you?

JESSICA	I’d actually love to have someone to talk to. You’re divorced, right?

PAM	Is that what you feel like talking about?

JESSICA	We are not going to end well. Are we?

PAM	What are you talking about?

JESSICA	David and me.

PAM	What makes you say that? You two seem like a great couple.

PAM	Though, I have to say I’d be lying if I didn’t detect some jitters from you.

JESSICA	You too!  David said the same thing.

PAM	What exactly are your afraid of?

JESSICA	When I met David When I saw him ... in there, eating a plate of all you can-

PAM	Shrimp

JESSICA	It was actually crab legs. Anyway, I knew. I knew that night Oh, he made me laugh and later ... he made me...

JESSICA	Everything.

JESSICA	And each day with him got better and better ... I mean, sure at a certain point it wasn’t amazing all the time, but He’s always there for me and ...

PAM	I’m having a tough time figuring out the problem here?

JESSICA	What if we just fizzle out? I mean what happened with you? With your ex?

PAM	We...fizzled out.

JESSICA	You see! 

PAM	It’s a different situation.

JESSICA	I’m not even 30 yet.

PAM	Are you bragging?

JESSICA	No I’m sorry I’m just ... I haven’t done anything yet and here
I am about to settle down. I look at you and your friend. Beautiful, sophisticated, talented women You seem perfectly happy. I mean do you honestly have any desire to be married again?

PAM	You know...I never gave it much thought until this cruise.

PAM	I don’t know how things will end, but if something that winds up so big, starts with just a spark. anything can happen, right? It could explode and blow up in your face... or catch fire and warm your heart forever.

PAM	Don’t let jitters scare you off from at least taking that chance.

JESSICA	Thank you, Pam. I’m going to go find David. And try to warm him up.

JAKE	You are a wonder. PAM	You’ve got to stop sneaking up on me like that.

JAKE	I think you like it. Though, I have to say I’m a little disappointed I didn’t get to hear you sing.

PAM	You mean you’re disappointed that you didn’t get to see me make a fool out of myself.

JAKE	Why do you think singing and dancing makes someone a fool?

PAM	It makes me a fool.

JAKE	I’ve been reading a few of your articles. listening to what you just said to her.

PAM	You were listening

JAKE	I caught the tail end...

JAKE	There’s such a big, beautiful heart in there, Pam. Why are so afraid to show it off.

PAM	I’m not afraid.

JAKE	Why are you shaking

PAM	I’m not shaking.

JAKE	You’re trembling.

PAM	It’s cold out here...

PAM	Careful, you’re still on duty.

JAKE	I just got off.

PAM	“Love! Exciting and new! Come aboard! We’re expecting you!...”

PAM	“The Love Boat! Soon will be making another run...” 

PAM	What’s the matter? 

BECKY	I just read “Finding Love on the Christmas

PAM	Oh.

BECKY	“Oh”? You’ve been working this Whol time! This wasn’t even a vacation.

PAM	I can explain ...

BECKY	Explain what, Pam? I thought you really wanted to spend some time together and have fun for a change.

PAM	I do! I did.

BECKY	That the only reason you went on this cruise with me was so you could write an article for the “New York Minute”? You used me! PAM	Arlo told me if I wrote this article for the Christmas special edition, I’d get promoted to managing editor. That’s the only reason I did it.
BECKY	That’s supposed to make me feel better?

PAM	I had a ball on this cruise, Becky! I can’t thank you enough. Last night was...

BECKY	Where were you anyway?

BECKY	No!

BECKY	Jake!

BECKY	That’s amazing!

BECKY	I thought you might have been embellishing a little for your story, here, but.

PAM	You know...At first, I was but. He’s amazing, Beck.

BECKY	Oh, My You are ...

PAM	I think I’m going to ask him to come to my parents’ for Christmas dinner.

BECKY	Whoa! That’s serious.

PAM	I’m a little nervous.

BECKY	Don’t be nervous.

PAM	I’m sorry, Becky I should have told you everything, but believe me. This really has been the best time I’ve had in a long, long time. I feel like I’m eighteen again.

BECKY	Ooo. Which reminds me, I’m meeting Paul at the jacuzzi.

PAM	Beck.

BECKY	Yeah?

PAM	Thanks.

BECKY	Well, it’s the last big night of the cruise before we head back to L.A. What’s the perfect way to end this?

PAM	A couple things come to mind.

BECKY	I bet they all start with Jake.


CAPTAIN CLYDE	Attention, land-lubbers! This is your indefatigable Captain speaking As this will be our last night on Christmas Island, we’ll be winding things down with our traditional celebration! 

CAPTAIN CLYDE	If you keep your eyes peeled on the main thoroughfare, it looks like Santa has temporarily grounded his sleigh and is currently riding around in his spiffy holiday-themed land vehicle!

SANTA CLAUS	Yo-ho-ho! Merry last night of the cruise, “Christmas Queen” passengers! Follow me!

PAM	What is this? More karaoke?

JAKE	Not quite. Follow me ...

PAM	      Where are  we?

JAKE	This is the “Miracle Tree”. It’s hundreds of years old, but it never grew any taller than that. Every year, on the last night of the cruise, the passengers leave presents in front of the tree. They get collected up and passed out to children in need back in L.A. It sort of puts things in perspective.

PAM	I guess I forgot to bring a present ...

JAKE	That’s okay.

JAKE	See, when the Christmas Cruise first started, it was to celebrate the one time of year where people set aside their differences, put up shiny lights and a beautiful little miracle tree and celebrate everything that’s right with the world. It still is.

JAKE	Sometimes it’s easy to forget about all that, huh?

PAM	Thanks for making me remember.

PAM	I gotta admit, I love these gowns. Thanks for the loaner!

BECKY	Just one of the perks of working in fashion: free clothes.

JAKE	Hello, ladies. You look amazing.

PAM	You don’t clean up so bad yourself.

JAKE	Cleaned up, yet still ruggedly handsome.

PAM	If you ever come to rescue me from dangerous spies or something, you have to wear this.

JAKE	Deal.

BECKY	That’s our song!

PAM	Wow, Paul is a pretty good dancer!

JAKE	So’s your friend.

JAKE	Care to dance?

PAM	I told you I have three left feet.

JAKE	Well, I’m not expecting any fancy moves.

PAM	Good thing.

JAKE	See? You’re not a bad dancer.

PAM	Oh, I’m a bad dancer. You’re just a good liar.

JAKE	I would never lie about you.

PAM	I would love to see the look on my mother’s face right now.

JAKE	Why’s that?

PAM	Ever year I go home for Christmas Dinner and ever since my divorce, she asks if I’m bringing someone with me and when she says “someone” she means...

JAKE	Someone special.

PAM	Someone special.


PAM	Exactly. And she always, without fail, thinks I’m kidding when I tell her no that I’m going to surprise her, so she’s always doubly disappointed when I arrive by myself. 

JAKE	Wow. That’s a lot of pressure.

PAM	Well, I was wondering, if you weren’t doing anything this year...

JAKE	I would love to meet your parents

JAKE	But you know there are a couple cruises after yours so I’ll be at sea until January.

PAM	Oh.

JAKE	Pam, I’m sorry. But, I do take this job seriously. You of all people must understand that.

PAM	No It’s OK. I understand. I understand. It’s just that this change of pace was really good for me. I thought maybe switching things up might do you some good, too

PAM	I’m going to go get some fresh air...

JAKE	You are upset 

PAM	Why would I be upset?

JAKE	Pam, you’re an amazing woman

PAM	Oh, you’re breaking up with me!

JAKE	Of course, not Don’t go!


PAM	What?

JAKE	Don’t go.

PAM	You mean, stay here?

JAKE	Sure.

PAM	I should just walk away from my dream job, move out of my nice little apartment and follow you around on the high seas? 

JAKE	You just said the change has been good for you.

PAM	Yes! As a vacation! But you can’t spend your entire life on vacation.

JAKE	I thought your dream job was being a novelist.

PAM	I live in the real world, Jake. This isn’t the real world. This is some crazy fantasy land where you can pretend it’s Christmas whenever you want Meanwhile, I have bills to pay. Taxes. I have to worry about where I’m gonna live, or whether my boss is going to fire me because I didn’t get articles edited on time.

JAKE	And you’re not happy.

PAM	How many people end up happy!

JAKE	Most of the people on this ship are happy.

PAM	Have you talked to everyone on the ship I forgot, you’re the cruise director Well, most of these people have to go home, too!

JAKE	But you don’t.

PAM	You could always move to New York. You know it’s pretty great at Christmastime, too. They don’t have Palm trees and waves, but they have the Christmas lights on 5th Avenue and snowflakes. The Rockettes, ice skating, Central Park...

JAKE	Yeah, I heard there’s a pretty big blow out on New Year’s eve, too.

JAKE	Pam, this is my life.

JAKE	I want you to be a part of it.

PAM	Jake, my life is not on this ship.

JAKE	Your life isn’t at that paper either.

PAM	Jake, it’s not that I can’t live on a cruise.

JAKE	That’s not what I’m saying.

JAKE	You know in your articles and with your friend, and that young girl that was afraid to get married. with me... You give some pretty good advice. Let me give you some: Take a chance and bet on yourself.

JAKE	Like I told you before, you have a big, beautiful heart whoever wins it is going to be the luckiest man in the world, but in the meantime Write that book. Because I believe in you. A lot of other people do, too. But you’ve got to believe in yourself.

PAM	You know I really thought that... maybe... you might...

JAKE	You really are an amazing woman, Pam.

PAM	So ...where does that leave us?

JAKE	With some great Christmas memories.

BECKY	The room is yours for one last hurrah...

PAM	Thanks, Beck but I think I already had my last hurrah.

BECKY	Oh, no! Do you want me to stay?

PAM	No. No. You have fun. This is your last night. Thank you for this.

PAUL	I think Gil might be feeling better.

PAM	Absolutely not. I’m fine.

BECKY	Are you sure?

PAM	Cross my big, beautiful, heart.

PURSER	We know you have your choice of theme cruise lines and we thank you for choosing to sail with us on the “Christmas Queen” this holiday season! Ho-ho-ho, and have yourselves a merry little Christmas!

PURSER	Don’t hug the Purser!

LOUISE	Merry Christmas, Pam!

TOBY	How was your Christmas cruise?

PAM	Life changing.

LOUISE	That is cause for celebration!

TOBY	You want a snowman cupcake? I just spent three days baking up a huge batch for the party. They’re my specialty!

PAM	Actually, that looks pretty good. Thanks!

PAM	Delicious. You really outdid yourself, Toby.

TOBY	Nailed it!

PAM	Arlo.

ARLO	This is Amy.

PAM	I’ve heard so much about you.

ARLO	And this is hot.

PAM	What?

ARLO	This story. Nice. Very nice. You delivered the goods! If I were you, I’d start interviewing some  beefcake personal assistants andprinting up some business cards!

PAM	Arlo, I’ve actually been thinking.

ARLO	Love that you’re thinking. I like the way you think!

PAM	I think I’m going to take some time off.

ARLO	Good. You’ve earned it. When do you want to come back?

PAM	I don’t want to come back.

ARLO	You’re going to go after the guy on the boat!


PAM	The ship.

ARLO	Huh?

PAM	No. No. I’m not going after anyone. I’m an intelligent, talented, sophisticated woman. If somebody wants to be with me, then they’re going to have come after me. And if I’m going to finally write a book, I’ve got stop talking about it and start doing it. And that’s what I’m going to do!

TOBY	      (over sound system) Attention, workers! Good to see everybody here enjoying some fine Christmas food and drink! It’s time for a little Christmas karaoke!

TOBY	Since I’m obviously the headliner, do I have any volunteers for an opening act?

TOBY	Pam? Really?

PAM	Really.

PAM	Whatcha got?

TOBY	Hmmm Uh, a lot of stuff What are you in the mood for?

PAM	Gimme something with a little sass...

JAKE	Don’t let me stop you.

PAM	What are you doing here?

JAKE	I thought you needed saving.

PAM	Jake. The time we spent together was amazing I am so grateful for meeting you and the fun we had, but I can’t live on a ship. I can visit occasionally. There’s a big world I want to see. But I’m the Captain.

JAKE	And I want to be your mate.

PAM	What?

JAKE	After you left, I spent a few days out there at sea...and for the first time, I felt alone. It just wasn’t the same. If you’re not going to be there with me, I don’t want to be on that boat anymore.

JAKE	I think now there’s just a few more special people in your life I need to meet.

PAM	Mom, there’s somebody I’d like you to meet.

JAKE	      Hi, I’m Jake ...

PAM’S MOTHER	He’s a total fox!

PAM	And so, having quit my dream job and still riding high on the spirit of Christmas, I went to the one place where I could forget all my troubles for a while and just enjoy the holidays. Home.

PAM	In the end, I remembered what Jake had told me about little things. They weren’t just details, they were the things we hold on to when we need to remember something wonderful.

PAM	The first memories shared in a great relationship ...

PAM	Or trading dream jobs that you thought would make you happy for ones that actually do make you happy ...

PAM	“As I glanced around, looking at an unbelievable sunset, my first instinct was to take a picture with my phone, but Jake said to just try...enjoying it. And I came to realize that went for just about everything. Whether it was sunsets or setbacks or a crisis or Christmas. Life is short, after all why not try to have some fun.”

PAM 	But in the end ...

PAM 	... the most important memories all seem to start at home, with the people you love.


JAKE	What’s this?

PAM	Only one way to find out.

PAM	I wanted to give that to you.

AKE	Your big, beautiful, heart.

JAKE	Merry Christmas.

PAM	Merry Christmas...
