

SERIES DIABETE (EP.13)
RESSUCRAGE



1 (01:00:00:00)

SIMON	Today, I'll be talking about something we've all experienced, because hypos are part of our everyday life, I'm talking about: 'hypo treatments'.

OUT (01:00:06:07)

INSERT	GENERATION T-1: HYPO TREATMENTS


2 (01:00:14:06)

SIMON	Well, first of all, I need to admit something, so listen closely: sometimes, when I'm having a hypo, I eat way too much. 'Yes, I'm guilty, your honor, of eating all those sweets'. But, in my defense, the feeling of hunger lasts for at least fifteen minutes, and, well, the only thing I can do to calm that hunger is to eat 'non-stop'. Yes, you heard me, I said 'non-stop'.

MOM	Simon, what are you doing?

SIMON	(Uh_) I'm having a hypo...? Obviously, once I'm finished, I don't feel at all well. And then one day, I decided to eat three sugar cubes instead... because it's roughly one sugar cube for every twenty kilos, so now you know how much I weigh.

P2	(44 pounds)

SIMON	And then, I just waited. I won't pretend it was more fun than eating sweets, but at least by doing this, the feeling of hunger goes away faster, and my levels don't spike all the way up to fifteen millimoles.


3 (01:00:57:11)

SIMON	All parents, all doctors, and all medical personnel,

P2	All parents, diabetes specialists and medical personnel,

SIMON	this is the part where you all stop listening. Because... I'm about to reveal a terrible truth. Yes, we all do it. Whether we want to or not, sometimes we just can't stop eating. We're so hungry, we could literally eat a horse. Sometimes, all that I want to eat is a ton of chocolate.

OUT (01:01:13:18)


4 (01:01:19:24)

SIMON	When I'm having a hypo, I can't think straight and I end up losing control. For me... I love eating sugar. Hang on, before you jump to the wrong conclusion, let me start over. For me, when having a hypo, I prefer to eat sugar. Not everyone does that. I have a friend who only drinks fruit juice when having a hypo, and he always has some on him. For me, I find it easier to always have a small bag of sugar cubes on me. The downside is that the sugar falls out of the bag and you leave a trail behind you.

OUT (01:01:42:24)


5 (01:01:45:04)

MAN	Hey Simon, you're getting sugar all over the place!

SIMON	Yeah, I know.


6 (01:01:49:21)

SIMON	One thing's for sure, you should always try to avoid any high calorie sugary foods, like candy bars or cookies, because your glycaemia will take longer to go back up. When it happens, you want it to be over quickly, right?


7 (01:01:59:15)

SIMON	I'm gonna debunk another myth: For all those who think that eating sugar or drinking fruit juice is great, you're wrong! It's a pain in the butt! We all hate it! Usually, you've had those sugar cubes in your bag for days and they're most likely hard, or worse, you don't have any water with you, so you have a hard time eating them. Sometimes, it happens right after a meal and you're absolutely not hungry, but you're having a hypo and you have to eat your sugar cubes or something else. When that happens, it's just( pfff )the worst thing in the world. Or else, you're ready to go to sleep, you've already brushed your teeth, you're in bed, nice and comfy, and suddenly, you're having a hypo and you have to get up to eat. What a great surprise!


8 (01:02:32:19)

SIMON	It can also happen at night! You wake up having a hypo, you feel like crap and on top of it all, you have to get up and go get your sugar cubes. But now, I've come up with a plan to no longer have to get up at night: I have a box of sugar cubes on my nightstand. Works great! I've also had hypos and realized I didn't have any sugar cubes on me. You know that soul crushing moment when you're looking in your bag and you can't find them. At first, you're calmly looking for them, then you start emptying everything out in a panic because you can't find them! That's the worst! I never want to go through that again.


9 (01:03:00:16)

SIMON	What about you? What's your hypo treatment secret?

P2	How do you get your levels back up?

SIMON	Until the next time... See ya!

OUT (01:03:04:16)
