SERIE DIABETES
EP. 19 – CLICHES
(CAMILLE & SIMON)


1 (01:00:00:00)

SIMON	Hello everybody!

CAMILLE	Hello everybody! We told you we would have a part two video on clichés, so we compiled some of the most outrageous ones for you today.

SIMON	(h/ ) And we're gonna pulverise'em.

OUT (01:00:08:09)

INSERT	GENERATION T-1 : DIABETES CLICHES PART 2 DID YOUR MOTHER EAT SOMETHING SHE SHOULDN'T HAVE WHILE SHE WAS PREGNANT?


2 (01:00:20:06)

SIMON	How very thoughtful of you guys to want to give my parents a guilt-trip. After all, they weren't freaked out enough about everything that is happening in our lives! So( uh)... I mean, they were already totally flipping out because their child is sick, but now, on top of it, we can say it's all their fault! That's so cool, isn't it?! (h/ pfff) (Hah!!) I'm super grateful.

CAMILLE	So, no! My mother and father are not at fault. It's not because they ate too much sugar, or fatty foods or dairy. And it's not because my mother didn't breastfeed me at all when I was a baby. No, that's so wrong! Didn't we tell them that diabetes is an auto-immune disease?

SIMON	I guess they watch our videos with the sound off.

CAMILLE	(hah! laughs_)

SIMON	(laughs__)

OUT (01:00:53:13)

INSERT	OH COME ON! DIABETES ISN'T REALLY THAT SERIOUS A DISEASE...


3 (01:00:57:10)

SIMON	Yeah, you're right, I'm not terminally ill. My life expectancy is decent and might even be like everyone else's.

CAMILLE	However, I'd like to remind everyone that insulin... is essential for me to live. I'm not taking supplements to help me have perfect skin. Not at all!

SIMON	Let's not forget the constant stabilizing, the hypos, the hypers, the treatments, the carb counts and the complication risks. All in all, you can't really say we're having fun.

CAMILLE	I know how to put it into perspective, Me! because I'm the one living with it and I promised myself I wouldn't wallow in self-pity, but who are you to tell me it's not a serious disease? Especially since you have no idea what it's like every day. Please feel free to switch places with me. You can live my diabetes life for a few days, then you can give me your perspective on it.

OUT (01:01:36:08)

INSERT	SO, IS YOUR DIABETES STABILIZED?


4 (01:01:40:05)

SIMON	I absolutely adore this cliché. It's perfect! (mm X) It's genius!

CAMILLE	But it's not their fault, they don't know better, that's all.

SIMON	Yeah, that's what I mean: when you don't know enough, you just stop talking, you keep quiet, you stay silent, you just( Ppp!) For all of us who have to deal with Type One diabetes on a daily basis, we know that type of question is really stupid. It's not because my results were satisfactory one day or even over an entire week, that my diabetes is considered stable.

CAMILLE	Did you know that certain factors, such as stress, heat, cold, infections, a cannula problem, a missed injection of insulin, or a miscalculated dose, I know I'm forgetting some, everything, and I mean everything, can influence and change my glycaemia.

SIMON	So, sure, if you want, you can say my diabetes is stable, It's here to stay and it's not going anywhere soon.

CAMILLE	However, when it comes to glucose levels, no matter what we do, they'll always be unstable!

OUT (01:02:22:03)

INSERT	I KNOW ABOUT DIABETES. MY GRANDMA HAS IT!


5 (01:02:26:01)

CAMILLE	The problem is the word 'diabetes'. It doesn't help us, does it? It's too general a term, it includes too many types of diabetes. It's best not to confuse a type one diabetes with a type two.

SIMON	So, no! It's not because your grandma watches what she eats or takes a few pills, and maybe does a scan once a day or once a week, that you know what type one diabetes is.

CAMILLE	If I talk to you about 'scans', 'boluses', 'basales', 'glycaemic indexes', 'adapting the doses', H b A 1 c

SIMON	H b A 1 c

CAMILLE	You don't know what I mean? Well, that's normal, because type one diabetes is complicated. It's technical, it's complex, and overall, it should never be mixed up or compared with a type two diabetes.

SIMON	That's not your grandma's diabetes.


6 (01:03:00:16)

SIMON	This is valid for everyone: my next-door neighbour, my friends in class, the school nurse, my family.

CAMILLE	At school, at hospital or on the bus, we hear that type of cliché every single day.

SIMON	We don't mind answering your questions, sometimes people are curious and sometimes they're even sincerely interested.

CAMILLE	But don't try to put yourself in our shoes, or more exactly, don't think you know more about this than we do. All your ready-made phrases and clichés are very hurtful.

SIMON	What we want to do is change people's pre-conceptions and perception of type one diabetes. All together, we might be able to change the way we're seen!

CAMILLE	All together, we might be able to change the way we're seen!


7 (01:03:29:13)

SIMON	So until next time. See ya!

CAMILLE	See ya!

OUT (01:03:31:17)
