

SERIE DIABETE
EP. 12 - DIFFERENT



1 (01:00:00:00)

CAMILLE	Lately, I've been more comfortable with my diabetes, and it's all because I've learned to live with it. My biggest struggle, however, is keeping it well-balanced, but I'm working on it. My problem, is what other people think.

OUT (01:00:10:01)

INSERT	GENERATION T-1 - YOU'RE DIFFERENT, SO WHAT?


2 (01:00:17:23)

CAMILLE	I'm not the one who said it first, Sartre did: "Hell is...

P2	"Hell, for me,... is all the others!"

CAMILLE	other people!" I'm sure you guys have had your share of stupid questions, like: Is it because you ate too much sugar that you have diabetes? But if I touch you, will I get diabetes? I'm not sure the field trip is a good idea after all. I don't want to take the risk of having her come with us. Hey! Where did everyone go? Hello? Is anyone here?


3 (01:00:42:04)

CAMILLE	I don't know if you feel the same way, but I don't like taking my glucose tablets out in class. And if I try to be discreet, I can be sure the teacher is going to say something to make everyone stare at me.

TEACHER (F)	Hey, Camilla! Do you mind explaining what you're doing right now?

CAMILLE	So embarrassing! When that happens to me, depending on my mood, it either make me super sad, or it makes me super angry. (Ahhh!!__) I've done my best not to let it get to me and be the bigger person... ( Pfff_ ) but I can't help it, it just hurts my feelings.


4 (01:01:12:04)

CAMILLE	My close friend Sarah-Jane is super nice. She always finds a solution when I have a problem. For her, the explanation is simple: she thinks when people don't know or can't understand a situation, they get scared, and act stupid. Their natural reaction is to be mean and hurtful. I absolutely agree with her. However, all those hurtful comments I hear every day, can make life hard to live sometimes.


5 (01:01:29:20)

CAMILLE	When I learned I had diabetes,( uh_ ) it made me feel better to see that I wasn't alone. I remember, in a workshop meeting, we were talking about our diabetes, and this girl, Mary, told us how everyone would treat her like an extra-terrestrial and not speak to her. (h/ )This is Mary! That's so low, just because her sensor and her pump are visible. Seriously! For now, I'm alright, because no one's ever been cruel and heartless with me. When we spoke about it, I was super sad for her. At the same time, I was super frustrated 'cause we didn't ask for this. It's not our fault we have diabetes.


6 (01:01:56:03)

CAMILLE	I know it was also really hard for my parents. They needed to talk with other parents who were going through the same thing. I don't remember if it happened on a forum or through an association,( h/ ) but I know my mother often spoke with another mother, and it helped her a lot.

MOM	I can't sleep anymore! I feel I need to measure Simon's blood glucose every night!

P2	Camilla's

CAMILLE	It's thanks to the other family that we decided to take a different approach with the school.


7 (01:02:15:13)

CAMILLE	When I was in grade school, my mother would just give documentation to my teacher. I think she didn't want to overwhelm her. But once I was older, in middle school, we decided to make the teachers and school nurse participate by learning the fundamentals of diabetes. It was very simple to do. We just explained to them what hypos and hypers were, and told them that, if I had to use the toilet, I could. I don't use that as an excuse to cut class! So, tell me, who's up for cards?

OUT (01:02:38:24)


8 (01:02:41:21)

CAMILLE	I'm the one who asked to be part of that meeting, because this is about me, first and foremost, (h/_) so that's why it was important for me to talk to them directly. Welcome to this meeting and thank you for taking the time to learn more about diabetes. My friends all know I have diabetes. Sometimes, they're the ones who tell me I'm having a hypo. They notice when my speech is slurred or if I'm not feeling okay.

GIRL FRIEND	Hey, you okay? You look like you're having a hypo.

CAMILLE	(Mm-mmm) And whenever I meet someone new, I don't try to hide it because it's better to just tell them. On top of it, nowadays, with visible sensors and pumps, it's easy to start a conversation. Until next time!

OUT (01:03:16:05)
