

SERIE DIABETE
EP. 22 – LOVE LIFE
(CAMILLE & SIMON)



1 (01:00:00:00)

CAMILLE	Hello everybody!

SIMON	Hello everybody!

CAMILLE	(h/ )We've already done a video, albeit general, on love lives.

SIMON	And, as promised, we've created another video, more personal this time.

CAMILLE	Welcome to our version of: "True Confessions".

OUT (01:00:09:01)

INSERT	GENERATION T-1: WHEN SHOULD YOU TELL YOUR SIGNIFICANT OTHER YOU HAVE DIABETES?


2 (01:00:20:20)

CAMILLE	I don't talk about it right away necessarily, but there are external signs I have diabetes, so it comes up naturally in conversation. It's usually the other person who's going to ask me: "Hey, what is this for? What is that for? So I'll explain it to them and( uh )maybe tell them about my life, but it's not like( uh_) "Hi, how are you, I have diabetes. (h/ )Do you want to talk?" It happens more naturally than that, it just comes up in the conversation whenever it feels right.


3 (01:00:41:04)

SIMON	Well, for me, personally, I refuse to hide the fact that I have diabetes. I'm usually the first to talk about it in front of anyone. (h/_ ) And since everybody knows I do this, when I'm interested in someone, it usually means that we've been talking together for a while already. So if she already knows I have diabetes, I don't have to worry about when's the best time to tell her. (h/) I really think talking about it openly helps avoid any bad surprises, and if I like her, then she'll already knows about it. (laughs__)

OUT (01:01:04:10)

INSERT	WHAT DO PEOPLE SAY THAT IS HURTFUL?


4 (01:01:08:10)

CAMILLE	I don't think the person actually did it on purpose, but it has more to do( um ) (h/ )with the little things that he didn't necessarily understand about me. (h/ )Like when I'm having a hypo and( uh_) (h/_) and I'm really not feeling well, although, sometimes I should try to make an effort, and (um) try not to always get so upset about everything, because I can get upset quickly when having a hypo or a hyper... and( um), the person across from you is saying: "just don't worry about it." But right then and there, I'll take it the wrong way and I'll get upset. But, otherwise, no one has ever said anything truly hurtful to me, no one has ever been mean to me or... purposefully mean.


5 (01:01:42:09)

SIMON	My only real relationships have been with girls who also have diabetes so obviously, we never said anything... that was hurtful or malicious because, even though we each had our own way of dealing with our diabetes, we knew enough to give each other the space we needed and we would never say anything that could be hurtful, misunderstood or misinterpreted by the other person.

OUT (01:02:03:11)

INSERT	WHAT ARE YOUR EXPECTATIONS WHEN IN A RELATIONSHIP?


6 (01:02:07:12)

CAMILLE	Actually, what's important is that he understands that when I'm having a hyper or a hypo, I'm not feeling well. But even when I am okay, sometimes, I'll just feel a bit( uh__)... I'll have mood swings, you know, I'll just feel a bit emotional some days, and I know my diabetes is the reason for this. Your boyfriend should be there for you and understand what you're going through, and not say: "It's nothing, stop thinking about it all the time." And maybe( uhh__) always have sweets in his bag.

SIMON	(laughs____)

CAMILLE	(h/) Well, now he always has sweets in his bag, and it comes in handy( hah!) (haha)

SIMON	That's super cute of him to do that. (laughs_)

CAMILLE	It really is...

SIMON	That's a really super cute thing to do!

CAMILLE	(haha) Yeah, it is, because the thing is, and I know it's a big problem I have, I don't like sweets much and I rarely have them. Maybe I'll have maximum two when I need at least four for a small hypo, you know. So, there's that. Yeah, it's nice to have someone who always has sweets with them... and who knows to remind you of things. That's all.


7 (01:02:57:04)

SIMON	(uhm_) I would say they should,(mm_) they should try to learn as much as they can because that's relatively important... but( uh_) they also need to understand without necessarily being too implicated. They should be there just in case we need help with something, but they shouldn't... they shouldn't try to do anything that's too overbearing like our parents would do, you know, like, they shouldn't constantly be harassing you with questions, like: "Are you sure you did this? Are you sure it was enough? You sure your dose wasn't too little?" Just let me handle it, don't worry about it, thank you very much for reminding me when I forget, but, outside of that, just chill.

CAMILLE	Yeah, that's it.

OUT (01:03:30:22)

INSERT	IN CONCLUSION


8 (01:03:34:23)

SIMON	Diabetes is a disease that is very constraining on a daily basis, but there's no need to... there's no need to get all... paranoid about having it.

CAMILLE	Yeah, you're right.

SIMON	Don't worry about it, if someone is interested in you,( h/_ )then they'll understand, you just need to take the time to explain things to them, and there's no reason it should prevent you from having a normal relationship... with someone you care for.


9 (01:03:55:24)

CAMILLE	On top of it, diabetes is something that is part of you, therefore, if someone tells you they're in love with you, ( mts )I don't mean to say they love diabetes, but they love you even though you have diabetes.


10 (01:04:03:20)

SIMON	There you have it, we hope you enjoyed this video. It was important for us to talk about our experiences. Until the next time we meet. See ya!

CAMILLE	See ya!

OUT (01:04:10:04)
