baphant	i'm home darling. the midwife is here. finally give me a hug shadi shado what do you think we should call him?

maphant	shadphant

baphant	the largest baby elephant yet to be born in our herd

maphant	what did you expect? he is the son of the greatest elephant chief.like father, like son, ofcourse

maphant	how i adore my chubby wubby boy

baphant	oh stop it woman, you're going to spoil him we should raise him to be mindful and wise

maphant	one day he will become like you but for now, it's his play time

baphant	come on now we have to go let's leave

elephants group	in respect and honour of our ancestors legacy

baphant	we should raise our children to be like our forefathers brave and  strong but amongst one another they should be kind and helpful no shadphant no

the referee	hello this is the fourth contestant competing for the title of "the strongest elephant calf in the jungle" respected judges, may we commence? everyone, are you excited? you are about to witness one of the most spectacular events in the jungle at the end of the game,  the strongest elephant calf will be crowned the winner let's quickly start by introducing the contestants contestant 1: gaphant contestant 2: japhant contestant 3: taphant and our fourth and final contestant: shadphant

shadphant	i'm here

maphant	go, go shadphant!

shadphant	dad, do i have to take part in this competition? yes sir 

gorilla	first round: unicorn lifting

the referee	oh! that's wrong. the judge says we must start again.

shadphant	get out turtle! don't be scared! i don't wanna hurt you. i'm just going to roll you

the referee	and the winner is gaphant and now, round 2 - the pumpkin

maphant	hurry son, hurry here i come! hurry! come on shadphant! 

gorilla	go gaphant, two trunks and a half 

the referee	last contestant shadphant

shadphant	hey friend you look like your teeth hurt let me help you out

the referee	and now the most terrifying round recorded in the elephants' sports competition who is most afraid of a mouse? whoever is most scared, will be the winner! an elephant this big, afraid of a teeny mouse? haha

shadphant	awww, so cute and tiny! should'nt be scared of such a little thing it's cute and fuzzy, look is he scared of you? that's funny!

the referee	the winner is gaphant because he was the most terrified. and now the final round the elephant that safely carries his watermelon to the other side of the jungle and back again, without damaging it, will win. and now the contest ends. mr. gorilla please announce the name of the final winner who is the strongest elephant calf in this grand tournement?

gorilla	the winner is gaphant

shadphant	i'm a failure i can't take it, everybody hates me and they all laugh at me

baphant	there is no need to be upset or cry, my son

shadphant	why the tears? it was really tough dad it's not the thing for me

baphant	why didn't you go back to the arena?

shadphant	i was so embarrassed

baphant	embarrassed of what?

shadphant	i look different and i'm not good at anything i'm huge and my face is funny i'm like dumbo! that is what my friends call me and there's nothing i can do about it it's not my fault i'm like this dad, am i really as they say? am i huge with a funny face, like dumbo?
baphant	yes! exactly!

shadphant	daaad!

baphant	what i mean is, you were born different you're chubby, sweet and kind hearted

shadphant	but, but

baphant	look at this ant, i'm sure it's probably sad since god created it so tiny it's just an example, but think of it this way if these tiny creatures entered our trunks they could make us fall to the ground you know my dear god created everything for a reason a huge funny faced elephant, as you say will do great things one day then, you will realise, that the secret is  inside you and you will understand why you were created this way, and why you have always stood out you have a heart of gold, and you are kind and special in every way

shadphant	but i want to be a hero

baphant	may my dad rest in peace. he was our leader. the day he died, he held my trunk tightly and said to be a hero, always do what's right but at some point, some where just not doing something bad, can make you a hero too

shadphant	what is it, that i musn't do?

baphant	we have to leave shado come on

shadphant	where are you going dad wait wait for me

baphant	wait here, i will be back

shadphant	ok 

an old elephant 1	i guess the sulphur is a little bit too much welcome to our assembly baphant

an old elephant 2	have some mineral water

an old elephant 1	bapahant is athletic. he doesn't do those things.

baphant	we should leave at once. and take the herd to the waterfall hideout

an old elephant 2	it's not migrating season

baphant	the hunters are here

an old elephant 1	we don't know if they want to come to the island

baphant	but we should be careful. we should spread our guards along the shore so we may know what they're planning

an old elephant 3	i am not giving my beautiful ivory to anyone

an old elephant 1	me neither

baphant	go on, move. we should take the women and children to the hideout this is the time you prove yourselves gaphant, you have to prove you didn't win the contest for nothing and that you are truly the strongest

an old elephant 1	gaphant my son, don't give up

gaphant	yes dad. do i go home? ok

baphant	go to the shore of ivory and keep your eyes on the ships ok, i will if they want to attack in the middle of the night get back here immediately, and tell us their direction taphant. you go too to the shore of fish ears. japhant, the shore of shells

shadphant	dad i would also like to go on watch

baphant	ok son

elephant 1	it's better if shadphant heads towards the hideout with the herd

baphant	you, you go too

shadphant	go to the jungle's rock thanks dad. i won't disappoint you this time. i promise

 gaphant	the hunters 

ant	 is this the strong elephant?! 

gaphant	they're here

baphant	go, go, hurry go to the waterfall hideout  go

shadphant	kookoo you are hurting me with your beak i almost fell! how am i gonna stay up till morning? i am so sleepy kookoo

gaphant	the hunters the hunters are gone they're gone? the hunters are gone i didn't close my eyes all night.  at first, the hunters' ship moved a bit towards the shore  but then they turned and left 

baphant	are you sure? 

gaphant	i saw them with my own eyes an old elephant 1 well done boy ok. danger's gone we have to leave. 

maphant	where's shadphant? 

an old elephant 2	maybe he fell asleep?

an old elephant 3	 or went to play.

shadphant	i am so sleepy kookoo  sleepy no  father  the hunters  they are here  the hunters where are the others?

baphant	come on. hurry. i have a bad feeling.

gaphant	split up  women to one side and men to the other

maphant	i am starting to get worried about shadphant

gaphant	 oh lord! this is terrifying!

baphant	 we should be worried about the whole herd

hunter 1	 let's go this way quickly

ander	only the healthy and strong elephants  don't let them get away!

baphant	protect the women and children of the herd form a circle around them

shadphant 	dad the hunters they are here stay back children! look out! hurry up! dad

hunter 1	attack him	 

shadphant	dad. no!

shadphant	i'm going to teach you a lesson baphantyou came son  i was waiting for you

shadphant	dad

baphant	you should stop the hunters  you are still free

shadphant	 how could i do that without you

baphant	now is not the time to cry! get up. stop the hunters. come on don't worry about me

shadphant	dad

baphant	go, may god protect you.  i have left you with the herd

shadphant	where are you taking the herd? wait. still out of service i am coming

maphant	shadphant no. no.

shadphant	you think i ruined it again?

elephant 1	you threw your mom to the valley!

maphant	you are here guys?

ander	where are you going silly! grab this one instead of that one and place it with the rest of the elephants

maphant	shadphant

ander	oh come on silly, drop the paddles into the water open the sails come on hurry!  the situation is bad

shadphant	mum

maphant	shadphant, my son! don't take my son. nooo

ander	really where? take this

maphant	no shadphant

shadphant	whose voice is that? who is it coming from? she seems so nice. her voice is so beautiful

mariam	don't be afraid? i am your friend let me see! there's blood coming out your ear. look at him oh god kookoo is hurt is he your friend? don't worry. he'll get better. my sweet one don't worry.  you will get better

farfor	worse than mouse poison. sticking my tongue in a mouse trap would've been better. tastes like rotten paper ok let's see, 125 banana clusters, 45 bags of corn… isn't it enough that they are here? now i have to share my food with this forest of animals

hunter 1	i am above you like an eagle

farfor	what do they want with my popcorn? who are they? i am a carrot. i swear on my mums soul, that i won't let you take these

ander	we are the hunters we are the hunters hey wait! now go go! so clumsy how are my young ones? are you taking care of them? you are over doing it again, can't you see speak like a human so i can hear what you're muttering do you understand you foolish  guard?

hunter 2	this is the elephant king

ander	you kept mumbling for an hour to say "the elephant king"?! i knew that anyway, cleverclogs he has the best build among them way better excellent size and strength!  come on, feed the elephant king well. come on. quickly you fools this elephant is so big that he looks like a huge ship precisely what the king wants

shadphant	what's happening here?

farfor	these giant elephants do nothing but eat and eat, and munch and crunch they chew all day, non stop now if you ask them, 'how can five elephants climb a tree?' they'll just stare at you blankly like an elephant. look at them. and this chief here, has already become the favourite this situation can go on no more. i need to talk to him. listen elephant. do you know how five elephants can climb a tree? just as i thought, you don't know. you just know how to eat and drink, isn't that  right? did you hear what i said big guy? haven't you seen a mouse before?

gaphant	mouse i .. i saw a mouse

farfor	i'm not going to do anything dumbo… look at me. look me in the eye are you scared of me? ok, i'm leaving this place

gaphant	oh my! mouse! it's a mouse

farfor	oh god, help me! oh god. i made a big mistake  oh lord  save me from the hands of these giant meatballs oh my god  sorry  sorry  sorry  sorry oh my god  help me!  help me you lazy guard

ander	 help me now!  pull me up

farfor	help!  help!  help! oh my god 

shadphant	i got you

farfor	 hello if you save me, i promise i'll tell you how five elephants can climb up a tree

shadphant	he's a little mouse! he's not scary! look?

farfor	i'm not a little mouse

farfor	my name is frofro

tiger 1	i don't deserve tiger whiskers if i don't steam cook your food

shadphant	friends, please don't be scared no need to be scared can you just keep quiet for a moment?

farfor	silence!  that was my sister's name

shadphant	now all of you, come forward slowly and stroke his fur it's all superstition!  science has proved that elephants aren't scared of mice.. they are scared of any little creature like a mouse

ander	look at him this elephant is dying. we should throw him in the sea you foolish guard, shall i throw you down with him?

hunter 1	but sir, if the number of elephants decreases the king will get mad. he will take our lives.

ander	what's with you?

hunter 1	 look look

hunter 2	if this elephant dies, then he'll fill the ship with a deadly stink we won't be able to stand the smell, and then we won't be able to deliver not  even one elephant to the king then we will be doomed!

hunter 1	if we throw the elephant to the sea where do we get another one from?

hunter 2	we should hunt a sea elephant

ander	are you making fun of me?

farfor	goodbye my friend, i hope to see you again

ander	be prepared all of you. be careful not to hit the edge of the ship take it to the front do it sailors

farfor	goodbye my friend, goodbye my god! 

ander	 prepare him let me go, leave me alone

mariam	he will get better!

ander	mariam?

mariam	i can treat him.

ander	can't you see how deep his wounds are? had your grandfather been here, he might have treated him, but you?


mariam	my grandfather taklehima taught me the secrets of this job it can do miracles to treat the deepest wounds of animals

ander	i am 'ander'! the most feared hunter of the land and sea! there is no toying with me! if you do not heal this elephant i will throw both of you into the sea oh! it fell!

hunter 1	no! no!

mariam	the poor elephant

farfor	take this popcorn with you see what the magical popcorn did?

mariam	oh god, thank you! you are going to get better my friend just hang on

gaphant	attention gaphant operation

farfor	what do you mean? this stuff is for eating?

mariam	i'm so glad that you're better take care of yourself bye

hunter 3	i see the shore of sheeba

ander	oh god! it's time to visit the king. we have finally arrived! watch out for that elephant. we went through a lot for it.

mariam	i was born and raised in this city if this king and his army hadn't entered our city it would have been the best place in the world this is the big city dam maybe they'll want you to work here this is the church that's my house, my home grandpa and all the citizens i'm going to see grandpa taklehima i've missed him so much see you later bye grandpa taklehima grandpa taklehima i'm back what happened here? where's grandpapa taklehima?

people 1	they took your grandfather

ander	open the gates! come on. ander has arrived! what a waste of bread you are! open the gates for me! move the food! to the king's storage. and take all my beautiful animals to their stables quickly come on. hurry up. 

farfor	oh food storage! and what does a hungry mouse ask god? a root cellar filled with food.

shadphant	get out of my way ohh. i stepped on your trunk! sorry, sorry my friend! i'm really sorry

grandpa taklehima	god save us! save us from the oppression of this hypocrite king. and show us the road of righteousness and salvation oh great god who's there?

mariam	grandpa taklehima, peace!

grandpa taklehima	peace mariam my love, daughter i missed you so much

mariam	what are you doing here?

grandpa taklehima	i told you i won't give in to an evil king's request are you crying my daughter? don't worry dear good days will come look at the sky daughter look over there

hunter 3	what's happenning there? is someone there?

grandpa taklehima	don't worry about me dear, just go  may god protect you

shadphant	maphant

maphant	kookoo, is that you? you! you immitate voices? mum………..dad

maphant	shadphant my son.

baphant	shadphant dearest  how are you?  are you okay?

hunter 2	come on. come on! hurry you popcorn eaters! come on! move! it's time to leave. move! go! walk faster

ander	rub rub keep rubbing that gold and give it to the king so the king's temple will shine

abraha	i've told you, that i hate this pungent medicine

ostrich	peace be upon the great and powerful king

abraha	what news do you bring? speak

ostrich	concerning the lands the ene- the ene- the enemies are better than yesterday and everyday! and the work is pros- pros- prosperous. a lot. the gifts and the to-the tokens of the merchants and salesmen to their temple! happy, joy people are ha.. enough!

abraha	close your mouth i want to hear nothing

hunter 3	excuse me your majesty

ander	owwwww! whhat are doing you imbecile?

hunter 3	yes!! a talking ostrich.

abraha	hello ander of anders i feared that when you were travelling at sea you found a seven-headed snake and started hallucinating.

ander	may the eyes that can't see your glory be blinded after completing this temple you will see how people will flock to me in huge numbers to see the greatest and most marvellous king in history

people 2	oh blessings of our sky rain on our land

abraha	listen, |i don't have a good feeling about this

ander	don't get your mind distracted my lord leave it to the slaves and workers and the entourage and the elephants now it's time for ander's special gift the best and most dangerous hunter in the seven seas

people 3	what could this be?

people 4	a hat?

shadphant	a snake that swallowed gaphant

abraha	show me your masterpiece ander of the anders

ander	right away my lord show us some of your skills yes. that is exactly what i want.

abraha	great job ander

ander	i am impressed we are your students my lord for you, my lord we had a hard time catching this elephant he really is a special elephant

shadphant	mariam i am here!

shadphant	mariam i am here!

ander	what happened? what is this girl doing here? look she left

mariam	where did she go?

abraha	leave me alone

ander	hum! mariam! a cheeky girl just like your grandfather leave her

mariam	haven't you heard the king? leave her you have ordered me to go on a voyage to treat the captured animals

abraha	and so?

mariam	but know grandpa taklehima is in jail and he's the city's priest. why did you put him in prison?

abraha	he was supposed to get back to his senses after you were gone and to become my temple's priest! but… do you love him?

mariam	certainly. he's my grandfather

abraha	had he loved you he wouldn't have agreed that you leave on a weary trip but you're more sensible than he is.  try to reason with him he's the only priest people listen to and will cause my temple to prosper

mariam	 but but .. but

abraha	as i said this monkey's tired. take him to rest

ander	why did you freeze you low one. come on.

shadphant	what happened? they took him to rest? is it because he ruins things? i can remember dad's words

baphant	you know dear, god created everything for a reason

shadphant	move forward a little bit dad, i look different and i'm not good at anything kookoo	 are you immitating me? ok i was hard on you

baphant	come and continue please you were born diferent a huge funny faced elephant, as you say, will do a great things one day then you will realise, that the secret is inside you and you will understand why you were created this way, and why you have  always stood out

shadphant	it's true that i'm funny faced and huge but i need to rest seriously, i'm about to fall! thank god i fell on a soft spot  and we put that here!  done for once, ruining things has come in handy

ander	what are you doing you worthless wretch? watch out! pull! can't you hear? pull! can't you not hear me? enough! take this worthless thing to rest

shadphant	hi guys! i'm here. seems that you all need some rest why so gloomy? where's his head? how's the weather up there pal? aren't you hungry? has the food spoiled? let me try it's delicious. don't you want to eat?

mariam	the poor animals look at them peace grandpa taklehima

grandpa taklehima	mariam! daughter! hello my dear? how are you?

mariam	when you were in prison, did you love me grandpa?

grandpa taklehima	sure. why are you asking such a question?

mariam	grandpa taklehima, tell me, how can i save you?

grandpa taklehima	i'm not worried about myself love, save those poor animals

hunter 1	 come on come on

mariam	ok ok i'm coming  i have to go now

shadphant	what did he say in the end? did he say save the poor animals?

shadphant	did i hear him say save the poor animals ?

mariam	 was he talking about us?

hunter 2	the most exciting festival of the year the king's festival of wild animals

ander	it is time for an eternal rest  every thing is over for you now

shadphant	brother, go and take a bath some time. you're killing me.  please stop and make way for me .  i need to get out of here quickly what's wrong with this guy?

mariam	excuse me, make way grandpa taklehima

grandpa taklehima	i do not obey develish requests

abraha	shut up!  i heard this before! it's time to watch. listen carefully! it's your decision. witness the consequence of disobeying the king come on, get them ander

ander	hurry and open the doors

zibra	thank you very much my friends

ander	and now!

shadphant	forget it. it's a mouse and a mouse doesn't scare anyone.

zibra	but their mouse is a little too big

shadphant	uncle, what's wrong? you give up quickly get up and get a hold of your strength

tiger 1	 oh my! look at what's here

farfor	what an awful sight! my heart's broken

gaphant	banana's good too

farfor	poison in your belly

tiger 2	god. a mountain of meat!

zibra	 the situation is bad over here

farfor	hey buddy!

shadphant	who is it? frofro!!

farfor	it's true that you are one of the largest animals and you eat a lot and you leave us small creatures, little to nothing of your left overs but you're different than the rest, you are generous.

shadphant	thanks buddy! in my final moments here i won't forget your kindness

farfor	well done!  and now it is my turn to help! listen well! tigers attack the young and weak first. and that will be your chance to escape there's a big wooden door facing the podium where gaphant is sitting. if you throw yourself on it, it will break and you will fall into a tunnel and then you will be free  free

tiger 2	hello guys we've been waiting for you guys  and now we will eat you all! attack!

zibra	wait for me! i'm coming with you

farfor	come on. move. from here boy

baphant	god created everything for a reason a huge funny faced elephant  will do great things one day  then you'll realize the secret is inside you  and you will understand why you were created this way  you have a heart of gold shado

farfor	from here. don't waste time!

shadphant	ok you suckers go home

mariam	hey, well done, well done

farfor	god! don't! this is suicide, you have to help yourself this is suicide

shadphant	wait for me, i'm coming!

mariam	no

ander	what?

gaphant	 shadphant!

shadphant	ok friends! now it's our turn.

zibra	you mean we go and eat them?

shadphant	no donkey! we're not savages! we should just distract them so we can get to that wooden door close to gaphant

gazelle	 let's go!

tiger 2	open your ears and your antlers i will give you the sign to attack guys don't give them a chance. we want to have a feast tonight.

tiger 1	ready……attack!

shadphant	attack!

zibra	 come on.

tiger 1	all to one! one. all of you follow

tiger 2	what?

tiger 1	didn't you understand what i said?

mariam	amazing!well done!

shadphant	well done kookoo! you finally learnt how to fly

gaphant	i can't believe it.

farfor	that's natural, because all you do is eat and sleep you should learn a thing or two from shadphant i'm talking to you fools

ander	that's not fair

shadphant	wait! don't run. i'm coming i should get there before them get up zebra, we don't have time for that now oh god. it's a scandal.

zibra	let me see. the guys are two meters from there

farfor	tiger will arrive first. there's no other way! i have to show my courage ok. what's next?

shadphant	ok! what's your plan dear tiger?

tiger 1	if you'll excuse me brother, i bid you all farewell

abraha	get them ander, finish the suckers

ander	they defeated all our wild beasts had we got cats, they would have been better than those 'tigers' archers..get ready one..two leave me you stupid crab..leave me i said leave me!

abraha	enough

ander	i told you, leave me alone

abraha	end this mockery at once

mariam	calm down, calm down you're fine  i gave you my grandfather's cream it was effective last time

grandpa taklehima	this cream is effective for a short time the king won't change his ways they're taking them to the butcher

mariam	 no i can't take this anymore.

grandpa taklehima	god is great

mariam	when i see this poor elephant, i miss my mom because i saw in the forest how they took him from his mum grandpa taklehima

grandpa taklehima	yes dear

mariam	how can a king act this way with these poor animals

grandpa taklehima	he who sells his heart to the devil  to gain money and power forgets sympathy and love and his heart becomes as hard and cold as stone

mariam	i wish that injustice would end, and that i was born in the time of a just king

grandpa taklehima	do you see that mariam? the time is drawing near

mariam	which time?

grandpa taklehima	the time when your wish will come true

hunter 4	here's the shoulder! and here's the thigh. the head and trunk, and here are the elephants.  especially for the king's party very juicy

hunter 3	it looks yummy

hunter 4	i can see that! impressively fat. he can feed a whole country i will cook elephant stew i will cook an elephant stew that's never been tasted before by the king it will be delicious  i will cook for the king something he's never tasted before at all what's there? i don't remember that i mixed oil and water what's happening over there?

ander	i am ander, the most dangerous hunter of the land and sea no one can toy with me

mariam	well done kookoo. you are good at immitating sounds.

arabic people	is there a bathroom nearby?

ander	 may god curse you all move it

mariam	you have to go now staying here is too dangerous bye bye good bye big gentle elephant take care

ander	you elephant thief! i have very sharp eyes! no one can trick me it is time to stay with grandpa in the dungeon

shadphant	i'm coming!

mariam	dear god!

ander	and where are you going mr crab?

arabic people	relieved at last. i was going to burst seize that wretched saboteur

ander	come on hurry i swear sir  this elephant is the reason for all the destruction that has happened. i sent this elephant myself to the kitchen but i don't know how he managed to…

mariam	get up big elephant get up please

ander	all this because of a little girl i promise i'll fix it myself

abraha	there's no need to build after this.

ander	really?

abraha	it's time for absolute destruction i will use a secret weapon this elephant is the key to my problems

ander	this lump of meat in front of us? whatever you say my lord

baphant	 get up my son  get up i said

farfor	 put it leave it

shadphant	it's mine frofro

farfor	hi there my friend it seems that luck has come your way i mean for both of us it seems happy days are waiting for us

ander	enough sleeping and being lazy little one it is time to prove yourself now come on up i don't see how this elephant is going to be useful for the king! your majesty! this is the elephant you ordered may you inform your servant about the plans you intend to make?

abraha	people have been convinced by the holiness of the kaaba  they go there every year to worship and trade our country will never be prosperous even if we build the greatest temple of all that's why we'll invade mecca and destroy the holy house

ander	and then they'll come to us?

abraha	our country won't be prosperous as long as hijaz is.  that is why we will make them forget their house

ander	what will be our excuse to invade? weapons of mass destruction?

abraha	we will come up with something that  will make the invasion requested by other nations

arabic people	let go! let go! why did you capture me? have mercy your majesty! i couldn't stop myself!

abraha	 i was going to explode! do you know what the penalty is for insulting my great temple? the penalty is being wiped off the face of the earth along with your house and city

arabic people	have mercy, i did nothing

ander	we have the excuse now my lord.

ander	how clever and cunning you are

abraha	you have to prove yourself as well ander

ander	i am at your command my lord

abraha	prepare an army of elephants where the earth trembles under their feet with every step they take

ander	your wish is my command, sire

gaphant	i will show you now look how i'll eat you

shadphant	 give me some more bananas

gaphant	i am the elephant king i am an army by myself

shadphant	are you wearing trunk protection? once again trunk power

abraha	here it is

shadphant	come and lets share our food together

farfor	oh gas-phant

shadphant	gas-phant i am going to break you to pieces now

ander	owww my spine has broken

abraha	you have to prove yourself worthy elephant king

ander	hurry up move on

mariam	 leave me  leave me

abraha	you are late ander

ander	this silly girl refused to come my lord

abraha	get him i want to see how he'll be crushed infront of me

ander	 come on move it

abraha	a few days from now,  i will destroy the house of hijaz to the ground  it'll be crushed to dust under the elephants feet then my great temple will become the only place where people will come to from all over the world to pray and worship at

grandpa taklehima	be careful! i want you to know, that the place you want to destroy is a sacred place you should consider the consequence of this deed you won't come back from this trip.

abraha	if you're so sure that we won't return, then why aren't you asking that i leave your  randdaughter with you here? oh poor child, did you see? i told you, your grandfather doesn't love you anymore!

grandpa taklehima	shush you hypocrite devil

abraha	do you know why? because he's not your grandfather in the first place

mariam	is that true grandpa taklehima? are you not my grandfather? then it would make sense if you really don't love me.

grandpa taklehima	do not listen to this great devil mariam, my daughter save those poor animals your mum is living nearby the holy house that this evil tyrant wants to destroy

mariam	my mum ? my mum is alive?

grandpa taklehima	yes she is, you were born in that town  i have a trusted friend he is son of the holy house's keeper show him the bracelet on your wrist. he will lead you to your mum and will always be there to help you. i will always love you from the bottom of my heart.

abraha	go forward come on forward  come on

mariam	 mum is there. grandpa said my mother is there. i got itfarfor	no no no you weren't scared of me before

shadphant	oh it's you what are you doing here frofro? i was a little startled as i saw something move on the food. 

farfor	the dream of seeing new fresh food storages they say that mecca's storages contain various types of food.

shadphant	your appetite frofro is greater than all the elephants

mariam	 hurry come on, let's get away we have to leave for mecca whilst we have the chance we have to get there before all the rest

shadphant	i don't care

mariam	let me help you now hold on a second am i right to say that you no longer want to escape?  ohhh, it seems that you're enjoying  your new found fame and now that you've become an elephant king no one is making fun of you. infact you keep getting rewarded for breaking and destroying things. you poor elephant you've quickly forgotten your home, the jungle. and it seems you've also forgotten your mother, who's waiting for you help me please help me  no no hurry

ander	hurry  up maybe the caravan of camels there, carries water. 

abraha	let the first squad be prepared! attack and capture that camel caravan.

shadphant	i can't take the heat anymore that's good

camel	ok dad, i will come back right away dad ah! what a beautiful animal!

shadphant	really?  thank you little boy do you like my decorative war paint little one?

camel	who are you?

shadphant	i am the elephant king

camel	the elephant king

shadphant	where are you going? don't be scared! come back!

camel	i won't harm you! i'm scared of you

shadphant	why?

camel	my dad, once told me, that an elephant will come to destroy our house but god will avenge their action

shadphant	avenge?!

arabic people 2	what's wrong with you? don't be scared. nothing will happen to you i am here now

camel	 it is the elephant

abraha	i am abraha! king of yemen! who are you?

arabic people 2	i am the keeper of the sacred house of god.

mariam	the servant of god's house!

abraha	what do you want?

arabic people 2	my camels

abraha	your camels? i thought you came to beg me  not to destroy your town and little temple

arabic people 2	i am the owner of those camels,  and that house, has it's owner. he will protect it and defend it.

abraha	it seems you know nothing of my glorious, crushing army

ander	just return him his measly camels, and lets get on our way and soon we'll see who's power is greater? mine, or your invisible god!

arabic people 2	yes, everyone will see.

mariam	sir sir please help me do you know grandpa taklehima?

arabic people 3	did you say grandpa taklehima?

mariam	yes please answer me quickly it is a matter of life and death

arabic people 3	grandpa taklehima  yes, i do, actually he was a good man. wait? who are you? do you have any news about priest taklehima?

mariam	excuse me

abraha	come my bird, come sit on my shoulder

grandpa taklehima	and your mum is living in the town

mariam	this evil tyrant wants to destroy

mariam	mum's in this town, i should go

bird 1	do you not trust your big friend, anymore? don't lose hope. trust me

mariam	follow me. i have an important task for you!

ander	mum's in this town allow me, my king, i want to give you something i don't know if ander's masterpiece is  worthy of the king abraha's glory  but i believe the sight of it will bring fear to your enemy's heart

shadphant	where have i seen that ivory before?

abraha	well done ander! nothing can bring me joy like this precious ivory helmet

ander	at your service

abraha	i feel i can conquer the whole world with it ander take this and i will give you part of the loot later

ander	anything for you, my lord.

abraha	move forward everyone

shadphant	what are you doing, little one?

animals group	we will be doomed if we stay with them here. we should leave. you run away too

bird 1	i am the leader of the ababeel army i am the leader of the ababeel army

shadphant	what are you chanting kookoo! you're making me nervous

bird 1	prepare to attack the army of elephants

shadphant	i am no longer afraid of anything!  i am the elephant king!  i am the elephant king!

mariam	no! no! i won't allow you to destroy it!it is my mum's town

abraha	shush, you cheeky girl! i won't shush! you deserve to die like your grandfather! elephant king crush this impudent girl under your feet

baphant	who are you?

shadphant	hello dad. it's me, shadphant.

baphant	 shadphant?! no you're not shadphant

shadphant	you're right dad, i know i'm not recognisable anymore. i'm no longer that clumsy elephant that ruins everything! i have grown up! i have even become a hero! i've become a king! where to dad? don't go dad! oh no! now i know, that's father's tusk on abraha's head no	

abraha	we are screwed move you loser

shadphant	come on

mariam	leave him. don't hit him.

abraha	why have you stopped hit him so he moves.  harder!

shadphant	whoever wants to stay alive, follow me.

ander	no, no, don't do it crab. i will be mad at you wait, don't go mr. crab wait wait

gaphant	i never wanted to be a king in the first place

shadphant	don't be a fool too gaphant! save yourself

gaphant	no! i won't come! i am the king of elephants!

shadphant	you will regret this what brings a melon in the middle of the desert?

farfor	hi big friend

shadphant	frofro i desperately need your help buddy

farfor	at your service

abraha	wait, wait

farfor	wait, wait hello baby

abraha	and you where are you going

mariam	from here this way, quickly

abraha	but i am abraha, king of sheeba no

animal 1	you go alone, i'm not staying with that crazy army of yours

abraha	then i will attack without the elephants and you're all coming with me come on be prepared. be prepared my great army. charge! come on attack
bird 1	don't spare any of them

abraha	 but they are just birds why are you scared? charge attack

shadphant	you were right kookoo! and i was completely wrong now i understand what my dad meant

baphant	that 'to be a hero, always do whats right' but at some point, somewhere, just not doing something bad' can make you a hero too'
bird 1	well done shadphant you did your job perfectly.

shadphant	my job !

bird 1	and now my job's done i have got to go good bye shadphant

shadphant	good bye

gaphant	you have saved us all i'm reall sorry buddy

shadphant	did you say i'm your buddy?

elephant 1	we're all proud of you buddy

gaphant	you're becoming a lot like your father

shadphant	thanks buddy

gaphant	i believe you can...what's that moving under your feet?

shadphant	that's nothing buddy it's just a small mouse

shadphant	its just a little mouse

mariam	i guess it is time for the real goodbye this time you are a gentle kind hearted elephant promise me you will stay as you are your friends need you

farfor	i always feel hungry when i watch lovey dovey scenes where can i find delicious food?

mariam	kookoo, my little one, thank you good bye god bless you mummy

maphant	 shadphant!

shadphant	maphant my love i miss you

maphant	you kept it safe! darling.

farfor	and with the end of this movie, i know that my life will never be the same again. oh my god, don't fight just eat everything everything i say everything
