Elijah	I hate these things.

Seth	Need a hand?

Elijah	No.

Seth	The McCormicks told Mom and Dad they're gonna bring a huge gift.

Elijah	The grill?

Seth	I doubt it. (chuckles)

Elijah	It's probably something that Charlotte put on the registry anyway. (sighs)

Seth	What's with you today?

Elijah	Nothing.

Seth	You want me to call Dad over?

Elijah	No.

Seth	We have a little time still.

Elijah	I know. Still got time.

Seth	You want me to get you a drink?

Elijah	Yeah, sure.

Seth	All right. (chuckles)

Dad	Are you feeling okay, Elijah?

Elijah	Yeah, always. (clears throat) I'll, uh. I'll be right back.

Seth	Hey, Dad.

Dad	Elijah seems tense.

Seth	Yeah, I noticed.

Dad	Are you sure you don't know what's going on with him?

Seth	Just because we're twins doesn't mean I can read his mind.

Elijah	You look beautiful, Charlotte, but listen, I don't think I can go through with this.

Elijah	And I know you feel the same way.

Charlotte	What?

Elijah	We don't really love each other.

Charlotte	But Elijah, I do love you. That's why I said yes.

Elijah	You don't have to say that.

Charlotte	I mean it.

Charlotte	Where is this coming from? How long have you felt like this?

Elijah	A while. Then I kept pushing back what I was feeling. I mean, there's so much I want to do and focus on my career. I'm on the rise, and could be a senior manager soon and. (sighs) I got to thinking, I'm not ready, and I didn't want to hurt you.

Charlotte	Do you need more time?

Elijah	I don't think I do.

Charlotte	Well, what changed? Is there someone else? Did I do something?

Elijah	No, no, no, nothing like that. No, it's just. (sighs) I don't want to make a mistake we'll both have to live with. You understand, don't you?

Charlotte	Thank you. Hey, Abigail. Still on for lunch?

Abigail	I'm ready when you are.

Charlotte	Oh. Any changes in bed five?

Paula	Some pain complaints. He's asking for a higher dosage.

Abigail	Take your time, no rush.

Charlotte	Thanks.

Charlotte	Hey Mark, I hear the pain isn't letting up.

Mark	Yeah.

Charlotte	Well, where do you think you're at on the pain scale?

Mark	Probably about a six.

Charlotte	I'm sorry. Well, I want to take a look at your blood work, okay? Now is the pain staying in the same area?

Mark	Yeah.

Barista	Okay, that's a Berry Blast smoothie and a Protein Mango. 9.82.

Charlotte	Oh. 

Abigail	Got it.

Charlotte	There you go.

Abigail	Still carrying this around?

Charlotte	Yeah, I haven't quite figured out what to do with it.

Abigail	Sell it? 

Barista	Here's that.

Charlotte	Thank you.

Barista	Your order will be right out.

Abigail	I've been going over personnel files.

Charlotte	Ooh, that's exciting.

Abigail	(laughs) Did you know 20% of doctors haven't taken their vacation time in nearly two years? Guess who that includes?

Charlotte	I'll get to it.

Abigail	You realize it's paid time off? Go somewhere exotic and relax.

Charlotte	Uh, but I had a nice trip planned and you know what happened.

Abigail	So, the honeymoon didn't pan out. You could still enjoy a break.

Charlotte	My patients need me.

Abigail	It's not like you've formed lifelong friendships with them. You have a revolving door of people who need care for a while and then they move on.

Charlotte	And it never ends so why should I?

Abigail	So you don't burn out.

Charlotte	I'm not burned out.

Abigail	You never took time to deal with the wedding and Elijah.

Charlotte	I don't need to.

Barista	There you go.

Charlotte	Thank you.

Abigail	Thanks.

Charlotte	So, who were the other doctors who haven't taken a vacation?

Abigail	Oh, the other workaholics? You can probably guess.

Charlotte	Dr. Cranston.

Abigail	For sure.

Elijah	Charlotte.

Charlotte	Elijah.

Elijah	How are you?

Charlotte	I'm fine. You?

Elijah	Good. Yeah, we're just gonna grab a bite to eat. You want to join us?

Charlotte	I'm good.

Elijah	My parents keep asking about you. I'm sure they'd love it if you stopped by again.

Charlotte	Thanks. I'll try to keep in touch. With them.

Elijah	Good. It was good to see you. You take care, all right?

Abigail	Wow. 

Charlotte	Yeah.

Abigail	Are you? 

Charlotte	I'm fine.

Abigail	Have you seen him much since?

Charlotte	Yeah, I run into him every now and then. Too often.

Paula	Things will calm down though.

James	Yeah, but not in time. It's just not gonna work out.

Paula	Can you back out of it?

James	It's volunteer. I mean, it's my time on the line.

Charlotte	Everything all right?

Paula	James is gonna cancel the medical mission he's supposed to go on.

James	Come on? Don't make me sound like a villain.

Charlotte	Why the change?

James	My dad took a bad turn.

Charlotte	His heart again?

James	Yeah, I can't be on the other side of the world if things go south.

Paula	You're gonna leave that medical foundation in such a lurch.

James	It's not like I'm vacationing instead.

Charlotte	What foundation is it?

James	They're out of the Philippines. Small outfit. I think they started a year or two ago. But I had a friend who went and it sounds pretty cool.

Paula	Too bad you can't go.

James	I will try to go another time.

Paula	Have you told 'em yet?

James	 Nope, but I will.

Charlotte	Don't cancel.

James	Okay, why not?

Charlotte	I am using my vacation time.

Abigail	Oh, good. When, are you going anywhere fun?

Charlotte	Well, I am taking Dr. Lewis's place with the Ariana Sallow Medical Foundation, and I leave in a week.

Abigail	Okay. Why?

Charlotte	You were the one telling me to go somewhere.

Abigail	Well, I'm not complaining. I have to try to cover your shift.

Charlotte	Not really. Dr. Lewis can take my schedule since he's not going.

Abigail	Okay, are you sure you want to do this? It's four weeks. I was thinking you should relax, not work.

Charlotte	I know, but treating people halfway around the world sounds good. Much better than dwelling on the past.

Abigail	When you put it that way. Bring me a souvenir.

Charlotte	Of course.

Charlotte	Is this the right place?

Henry	Ariana Sallow Medical Foundation?

Charlotte	Yep.

Henry	You found us. (laughs) Welcome, I'm Henry.

Charlotte	Hi, Charlotte Hudson.

Henry	Thank you so much for coming.

Charlotte	Thank you for having me. Sorry, I was expecting the address to take to some medical clinic or something.

Henry	(laughs) No, no, not here. Yeah, the foundation's still pretty young and a little smaller than others you may be familiar with. But we still make an impact.

Charlotte	I'm sure.

Henry	Listen, I hope you don't mind, but I do have the visiting doctors stay with me in my home here. It makes it easier leaving for clinics on those early mornings, hope that's okay.

Charlotte	Sounds great.

Henry	Perfect. Well, let me grab your stuff and I'll show you around.

Charlotte	Thank you.

Charlotte	(sighs) Wow, this place is incredible.

Henry	I know, thank you. Yeah, my wife, Ariana and I lived here. This was her family home. And when she passed away, I just. I didn't want to let go of the memories.

Charlotte	I'm sorry. So the foundation is named after her then?

Henry	Yeah, my inspiration. A lot of the people around here don't have access to doctors. Sometimes it's the distance, especially those out on some of those less-populated islands. Or they simply don't know when to get help until it's critical. You'll see. We'll go around to different villages. We'll set up a makeshift clinic for a day or two and then onto the next one.

Charlotte	Sounds busy.

Henry	Yeah. Well, it's a lot of constant work, and that's just bringing doctors out for a month every quarter. I retired from my career to focus solely on this, but honestly, I don't know that it's enough.

Charlotte	Well, I'm sure it's a great start. So, how many doctors are here right now?

Henry	Three. Yourself, an ophthalmologist and a dentist. In fact, I think one of them's recently arrived from your neck of the woods. Over here.

Henry	This is Dr. Solis, our ophthalmologist.

Maya	Oh, hi ya.

Charlotte	Charlotte Hudson.

Maya	Maya, lovely to meet you.

Charlotte	You too.

Charlotte	Elijah? What are you doing here?

Henry	No, no, this is our volunteer dentist. Dr. Seth Adkins.

Charlotte	Seth.

Seth	Hi, Charlotte.

Henry	You two know each other?

Seth	Yeah.

Charlotte	I didn't expect to see you here.

Seth	Me neither. I mean, you being here.

Charlotte	Well, good to see you.

Henry	Okay, well, your room is just up this way. I can take ya.

Seth	(sighs) Long story.

Maya	Yeah, I bet. All the more reason why you need to tell me immediately.

Seth	Uh. Charlotte's a friend, kind of.

Maya	Ex-girlfriend?

Seth	No.

Maya	What, a sister of some evil dentist, you know back home?

Seth	(laughs) She's my twin brother's former fiancee.

Maya	Oh.

Seth	Yeah.

Henry	I hope this will be acceptable.

Charlotte	It's wonderful, thank you.

Henry	Okay, so you've got all day tomorrow to get rested up, get settled in and then we'll go visit a clinic not far from here day after that.

Charlotte	Sounds good.

Henry	Alrighty. Oh, and be sure to enjoy the island while you're here. Get out, see some sights, relax a little when you can, you know.

Charlotte	Thanks, but I'm here to work, not vacation.

Henry	Well, everyone comes for a reason. Though often for different reasons than they think.

Charlotte	Hey! I'm going to go grab some lunch.

Maya	No, no, no, I got food for everyone. Come, eat.

Charlotte	You sure? 

Maya	Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Charlotte	Thanks. (sighs) Can you believe this view?

Maya	No. Still hasn't worn off.

Charlotte	How long have you been here?

Maya	Three days. I came a little bit earlier, wanted to get my bearings. And then Dr. Adkins came in the day after, and now you're here.

Charlotte	So, where are you from?

Maya	Auckland. London originally, but, how 'bout you?

Charlotte	Georgia. Is this your first medical mission?

Maya	No, I've done one in Latin America and one in Africa, which was amazing. You done one before?

Charlotte	This is my first one.

Maya	(gasps) You're a newbie. You will love it. It's probably different from any thing that you're used to, but it's a challenge, in a good way. If that makes sense.

Charlotte	Good, I could use a good challenge.

Maya	Seth said you guys know each other.

Charlotte	Ah, what did he say?

Maya	Only that you were his brother's ex-fiancee.

Charlotte	Only, huh?

Maya	(laughs) Yeah.

Charlotte	Elijah broke things off on our wedding day.

Maya	No. Was it another woman?

Charlotte	That's what I thought at first, but apparently that wasn't it. I guess he just didn't love me anymore.

Maya	Oh, come on, he had to have said more than that.

Charlotte	Nope, not really.

Maya	(sighs) I'm sorry, that is. That's awful.

Charlotte	Yeah, that's why I came here, to get away from him. All of it. But it's hard to do that when I keep seeing him everywhere I turn.

Maya	Speaking of.

Seth	Hey guys.

Maya	Come and eat, we've got loads of food.

Seth	Thanks.

Maya	So I hear we might be going up North tomorrow.

Seth	Any idea what it's like?

Maya	No, I mean, I did a little exploring round here but that was about it.

Charlotte	(sighs)

Seth	Mosquitoes are out already. Think I'll eat inside.

Maya	Oh, all right. See ya.

Charlotte	(sighs) I'm so sorry. I just wasn't prepared for this.

Maya	It'll be all right. I mean, at least he seems like a nice guy.

Maya	Good morning.

Henry	Well, good morning. You two sleep okay?

Charlotte	Great, thanks.

Seth	Sorry to keep you all waiting.

Henry	Not a problem. Shall we go?

Henry	Well, this is where you'll be working out of today. You'll each have an area. I know it's a little bit run down, but it does provide a little bit of privacy for your patients. Isaiah here will be doing triage for you. And he'll be with us actually at most of the clinics. If you need something translated, give him a holler.

Isaiah	(speaking foreign language)

Henry	For supplies, we pretty much have everything you need here in the room. But if you find you need something else, just let us know and we'll do our best.

Seth	Sounds good. Well, nothing like a new adventure, right?

Maya	Let's hop to it.

Maya	You doing all right?

Charlotte	Yeah, is this the exam table?

Maya	(laughs) Yeah, that's it. Don't worry, it'll work well enough.

Charlotte	Thank you.

Henry	(sighs) You ready?

Charlotte	Yeah.

Henry	Alrighty, I'll grab your first patient.

Charlotte	Hi, please sit. I'm Dr. Hudson. Can you tell me what happened?

Male Patient	(speaking foreign language)

Charlotte	Oh, right. Can you tell me what happened? Sorry, I don't know why I'm yelling.

Seth	You need a translator?

Charlotte	Yes.

Seth	Isaiah, Dr. Hudson could use your help.

Charlotte	Hi. 

Isaiah	Yes, doctor.

Charlotte	I'm just trying to figure out what exactly happened.

Isaiah	When he arrived, he told me he slipped on a pier when he was fishing.

Charlotte	Oh, that sounds painful. Well, let's take a look at it, all right?

Isaiah	(speaking foreign language)

Charlotte	Yeah, real slow.

Maya	There we go.

Child	(laughs)

Maya	Oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh. (laughs) Okay, I just need to look at mommy's eyes really, really, really quick. Just a minute, just a minute.

Child	(laughs)

Maya	Perfect. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.

Henry	Hey. (laughs) Hey, why don't you come with me? I have something I want to show you really quick. You're gonna love this. Hurry, come over here.

Maya	Okay. Let's try again, will you look at this ear.

Maya	Much better, thank you.

Henry	That right there, and another one.

Child	(shouts) 

Maya	(laughs)

Child	(mutters)

Henry	Now you have, yeah. You blow it.

Maya	(laughs)

Seth	Well that should do it. You'll be sore today, but you'll start to feel better tomorrow. Be sure to rinse gently with salt water.

Female Patient 1	Thank you.

Charlotte	Do you have any questions?

Female Patient 2	No.

Charlotte	Now just make sure you're taking some prenatal vitamins and getting the proper nutrition for you and the baby. This should help you get started. Just take one every day with food.

Female Patient 2	Thank you.

Charlotte	Mm-hmm.

Henry	(sighs) Well, that's your last patient for the day. How'd it go?

Charlotte	Good, but it was definitely an adjustment.

Henry	Yeah, it always is.

Charlotte	Some things are pretty basic but.

Henry	Well, basic as long as you have what you need to take care of them.

Charlotte	Well, and if I can communicate with them.

Henry	Yeah, it's pretty tricky. And there's so many dialects. I just barely get by with limited topics. And that's after living here for several years.

Charlotte	(laughs) Well, thank goodness Isaiah was nearby. They're nice people.

Henry	Yeah.

Charlotte	I just wish there was more I could do.

Seth	How about dinner out tonight?

Maya	Oh, that sounds so good. Henry, you'll join us, won't you?

Henry	Oh, thank you, but uh.

Maya	Oh, come and join us.

Henry	It's just that I've got a lot to arrange. Tomorrow we're going to a village on one of the more remote islands, and I want to make sure the charter boat is set. They haven't had anyone come since I was last there three months ago.

Seth	Okay. What about you Charlotte?

Maya	Come on, we'll swap med school stories. It will be fun.

Charlotte	Sure, yeah. Just give me a minute to change.

Maya	Yeah.

Abigail	Charlotte, what time is it there?

Charlotte	Oh my goodness, I totally forgot.

Abigail	You're lucky I was on the night shift tonight.

Charlotte	Sorry.

Abigail	Is everything okay?

Charlotte	No, not really. I mean, it's fine, except I think maybe this was a mistake.

Abigail	How bad are the conditions out there?

Charlotte	It's not that. I mean, sure, it'd help if I spoke the language, but it's a foreign country. I expected that.

Abigail	Then what?

Charlotte	Elijah's brother Seth is out here too.

Abigail	Seth. And now you can't not see Elijah.

Charlotte	Exactly.

Abigail	Well, is he being a jerk or making things difficult?

Charlotte	No, I mean, he's nice and all, but now I can't go anywhere without seeing Elijah. Would it look bad for the hospital if I came home early?

Abigail	No, but do you really want to throw in the towel?

Charlotte	No, it's just.

Abigail	You've barely been there. You're probably still jet lagged, and I'm guessing things won't seem so bad once you get some rest.

Charlotte	Yeah. You're probably right.

Seth	Not a bad first day right?

Charlotte	Yeah, it was fine.

Maya	That was one of the nicer clinics I've been to. When I was in Africa, that was pretty rough. It was mostly tents.

Charlotte	Oh.

Seth	I'll get you a new one.

Charlotte	No, it's fine.

Seth	That's not a problem.

Charlotte	Really, I.

Seth	I'll be right back.

Maya	I'm sorry, I've got to ask. How well did you know Seth, before, when he was your future brother-in-law? I'm still trying to wrap my head around that one. (laughs)

Charlotte	I mean, I saw him at family dinners, a few holidays and things when Elijah and I were dating and engaged.

Maya	Yeah, but like what was the relationship? Were you friends, did you get along?

Charlotte	With Seth? Oh. I mean, I guess. A little.

Charlotte	Last Christmas, I was supposed to bring the dessert to the family get together.

Maya	Supposed to?

Charlotte	I had just gotten off a double shift. I was hurting as it was and forgot. Elijah's mom wanted everything perfect for Christmas. And was a little stressed, I think. But Seth quickly spoke up that the dessert I chose was best served fresh, and that I had called to see if I could make it there.

Maya	He covered for you.

Charlotte	He helped me make it too. It was nice of him. Not just helping make it, but saving me from the embarrassment.

Maya	So what did you guys make?

Seth	Some fruit crisp. Apple cranberry, I believe.

Charlotte	Yeah. And fortunately your mother didn't notice we used up the last of her cranberries.

Seth	Here.

Charlotte	Thanks.

Maya	So Seth, where did you go to dental school?

Seth	I went to Augusta.

Maya	Is there anything fun you guys want to do while we're out here?

Seth	I imagine the snorkeling would be amazing.

Maya	Oh yeah. We should ask Henry. See if there's anywhere he recommends.

Seth	I also read about whales and dolphins that swim through. It would be pretty awesome to see them.

Maya	Oh, can you imagine? What about you, Charlotte? Anything on your must-do list?

Charlotte	No, I don't know.

Maya	You didn't look up the things the minute you decided to come out here?

Charlotte	No, not really. I was more focused on leaving than coming here.

Henry	Ah, there you all are.

Maya	Hi.

Henry	Just wanted to let you know we'll be leaving in the morning about 7:45.

Maya	We will be ready.

Henry	And thanks again for another good day, really.

Maya	Wait, come, relax for a little bit.

Henry	Oh. Yeah, sorry, habit. Whenever I have doctors here, I try to make the most of it and not miss out on any of the clinics.

Maya	So, how often are you having doctors come out now?

Henry	Every three months, yeah. Like to get to a point where we have them come out every month, but take a lot of volunteers to get and arrange. A lot of donated supplies to hope for.

Maya	You know, when I worked for that Latin American foundation I found them on this medical charity listing site. There's these organizations out there and they'll compile all of the medical charities. And they'll list everything that they do. How the average person or a corporation can donate or help. How doctors can get involved, all sorts of things.

Henry	Hm, really.

Maya	I mean, it's up to you, but if you wanted, we could try and get your foundation listed with one of those sites. I could show you how.

Henry	That'd be great. Really, anything we could do to expand our reach here. Thank you, Maya.

Maya	Of course.

Charlotte	Hey, Henry.

Henry	Hey.

Charlotte	Does Henry ever rest?

Maya	I doubt it. It's sweet though 'cause you can tell he really cares about everyone here. I think he still really misses his wife. Maybe that's why he's so dedicated.

Charlotte	Do you know anything about her?

Maya	Just that she was from here in the Philippines, and that they met while he was out here for work.

Charlotte	What type of work?

Maya	The biography on his foundation website said that he ran or they owned some kind of a tech company.

Charlotte	Oh, I assumed he had some type of background in medical work.

Maya	Can you imagine going from that to doing this, all in her name?

Charlotte	Losing a loved one can be devastating.

Maya	I guess so. But at some point you've got to move on, right? Live again.

Seth	Can I join you?

Charlotte	Um. I guess.

Seth	It's hard to believe we're here, isn't it?

Charlotte	Yeah.

Seth	No, I mean in a place so beautiful. Not that it's you and me of all people here.

Charlotte	Oh, I thought you meant the second one.

Seth	I'm not surprised.

Charlotte	Sorry.

Charlotte	So, what made you decide to come here?

Seth	Well. My practice is doing great, and I recently brought on another dentist to help. So, I can actually leave every now and again.

Charlotte	That's good.

Seth	Yeah. Yeah, I used to worry that my patients would have no one to go to if I wasn't around and now that's not an issue.

Charlotte	But why here?

Seth	I'd get letters from different foundations, asking me to come help. At first, I'd just toss them in the trash. Too busy, not my problem. But with the other dentist around, I'm finding myself in the office only three days a week.

Charlotte	Nice.

Seth	Yeah. Yeah, I started to feel a little guilty. The timing, everything, lined up well. I got a letter from Henry's foundation a couple months ago, along with a couple of others I had started saving.

Charlotte	And you chose here?

Seth	Yeah. Something about this place. It felt like this is where I was needed. Was it the same for you?

Charlotte	No.

Charlotte	I, uh. I actually need to finish getting ready.

Seth	Anything else to pack up?

Henry	Oh, that should do it.

Seth	How are we looking on time?

Henry	We're good if we leave in the next few minutes. So, how you holding up so far?

Seth	Good. Yeah, yeah, It's nice here. Different pace.

Henry	Yeah. Yeah, the more remote we get, the slower it gets, in a good way.

Seth	Do you ever miss the big city? You know, the faster track lifestyle?

Henry	No, I used to think I did, but not anymore. So. How are things between you and Dr. Hudson?

Seth	They could be better. (laughs)

Henry	I don't know the details, but is there anything I can do?

Seth	I keep asking what I can do, but it's a bit tricky. It won't affect our work though.

Henry	Oh no, no, I'm not worried about that. So, what makes it tricky?

Seth	More that it's out of my control. I have a twin brother. He's older by four and a half minutes, and despite the stereotype of older and wiser, he's...

Henry	Not?

Seth	There's been more than a few occasions where I'm left to clean up after him.

Henry	Wow, that's tough.

Seth	Yeah.

Henry	But you don't have to clean up after his missteps?

Seth	Yeah. I'm telling myself that a lot lately. Habit over the years. It's just, it's not easy to ignore those he leaves in his wake.

Maya	Where's Isaiah, is he coming?

Henry	No, he went over yesterday to get things set up.

Henry	Alrighty. We should probably get going.

Charlotte	Here, take these.

Seth	Thanks.

Henry	Everybody see it? Take a look in this area.

Maya	Oh, it's dolphins!

Seth	Where?

Charlotte	They're beautiful.

Maya	How does anybody leave this place?

Maya	(sighs) So do you always see dolphins like that out here?

Henry	Yeah, pretty much every trip.

Maya	Is it the same pod?

Henry	Oh gosh, I don't know. I'd like to think so, but I'm not about to name them.

Maya	Oh, I named 'em. Ocean, Oceana, Little Blue and Captain Henry.

Henry	Just over here.

Seth	This is, uh.

Henry	Small? Yeah. You'll love it.

Tobias	Henry!

Henry	Hey!

Tobias	Welcome.

Henry	Good to see you, Tobias. Let me introduce you to my team here. This is Dr. Hudson, Dr. Solis, and Dr. Adkins.

Tobias	Thank you for coming. Come, come.

Isaiah	Henry. Tobias is eager for you to meet his sister.

Henry	Oh no.

Isaiah	Lucky for you she's visiting family on another island. Don't be surprised if he asks you to come back for her.

Henry	Listen, how do you say no matchmaking in Tagalog?

Seth	You hungry?

Charlotte	Yeah.

Seth	We should probably eat now. Isaiah said some more families will be coming by soon.

Charlotte	Thanks.

Charlotte	Is it safe?

Seth	Uh, Henry's eating it so.

Seth	Can you imagine living this far away from everything? No doctor, no store, no--

Charlotte	Movie theater? (laughs) No, I can't.

Seth	They seem happy though. Maybe there's something to that.

Charlotte	Yeah, could be. Still.

Seth	Not for you, huh?

Charlotte	At least it's eye opening.

Seth	So, why did you come out here? I mean, don't take this the wrong way, but it doesn't really seem like it's your thing.

Charlotte	Are you saying I'm too self-centered to volunteer?

Seth	(laughs) See I told you not to take it the wrong way. No, what I mean is you seem very committed to the hospital back home. Very focused.

Charlotte	I was.

Seth	Then why?

Charlotte	Do you really expect me to say it out loud?

Seth	No. I was hoping it wasn't the reason I thought.

Charlotte	Well, sorry to disappoint. My reasons for being here aren't as selfless as yours.

Seth	I'm not him. I know you know that, but you're still taking what Elijah did out on me.

Charlotte	I'm not. I'm trying not to. It's hard when you.

Seth	Yeah. Look, I know Elijah hurt you. Believe me, my parents and I were upset with him breaking things off the way he did. But, can't we move past that?

Charlotte	It's awkward.

Seth	So, it's awkward. We both know it, now let's leave that behind.

Charlotte	You really think it's that easy?

Seth	I'm hoping it can be. Regardless of my brother, can't we be friends?

Charlotte	Yeah, I guess.

Seth	Yeah.

Seth	Oh, oh! (groans)

Charlotte	Still think it's safe?

Henry	Seth.

Seth	What?

Charlotte	(gasps) – Whales!

Henry	Slow it down.

Maya	Let me guess, you see these all the time too?

Henry	Yeah.

Maya	[Maya] Really?

Henry	Well, you've never really experienced whales until you've seen things from their level. Anybody up for a swim?

Seth	Seriously, can we?

Maya	Did you see that?

Charlotte	That was amazing.

Charlotte	Looks like you got your wish.

Seth	Even better.

Maya	These photos are brilliant, if I do say so myself.

Charlotte	Aw, send me some.

Maya	I will, I will. Oh, Henry, I sent you a foundation's website to some of those organizations I mentioned.

Henry	Really, already, thank you.

Maya	It will massively increase exposure and hopefully attract some more doctors for you.

Henry	And funding. Actually, I can handle the costs okay. It's the medical supplies that are a bit of an issue.

Charlotte	I could talk to the hospital I work at. They donate excess supplies to other causes all the time. Why not yours?

Henry	That'd be great. You think I'd have all this figured out by now.

Seth	(laughs)

Maya	It's not like it's easy.

Henry	(sighs) I just hope I can keep up with it all. Anyway, tomorrow we have nothing planned. So, please just enjoy your day.

Seth	Henry, thank you for today. It was incredible.

Henry	Well, I'm glad you liked it.

Charlotte	(chuckles)

Charlotte	Hey Abigail, you're at work early.

Abigail	I thought I'd check on you before my day got busy. How are you?

Charlotte	I'm good.

Abigail	You're still there so I'm assuming things are better.

Charlotte	Yeah. Yeah, they are. The people are really nice and I can see the need here.

Abigail	Any tricky cases so far?

Charlotte	Nothing I couldn't handle but that's good. There are only so many resources and supplies. Speaking of, the foundation could really use some more. Any chance you can arrange something?

Abigail	Yeah, I think so. I'll see what I can set up.

Charlotte	Really? Oh, that's great, thank you.

Abigail	So, how are things with Seth?

Charlotte	Still awkward. (laughs) Although he's, he's nice.

Abigail	So what, you're friends now?

Charlotte	Oh, not quite, but maybe getting there.

Seth	Morning.

Charlotte	 Morning.

Seth	You headed out somewhere?

Charlotte	The market. I think we passed it yesterday on the way to the marina.

Seth	Can I come, I need some groceries. Is that all right?

Charlotte	Sure.

Seth	Yeah? 

Charlotte	Yeah.

Charlotte	These look good.

Seth	(sighs) I was hoping to find some cereal here.

Charlotte	(laughs) It's not that kind of market. Here, try mango. It's healthier.

Seth	Oh, wow, are those pearls? Pretty color. You should get it.

Charlotte	Oh, I don't need it.

Seth	Jewelry is not about need.

Charlotte	Do you want a bracelet?

Seth	(laughs) Well, all I'm saying is live a little. Here.

Charlotte	Oh no, no, no, it's fine.

Seth	Thanks. 

Shopkeeper	Mm-hmm.

Charlotte	You know, I could have bought that myself.

Seth	But you wouldn't have, enjoy.

Charlotte	Thank you.

Charlotte	So, what's Elijah up to these days? Last I heard he was trying to move up at work.

Seth	(chuckles) Yeah, the thrilling field of investment advising. I'd love to say he got fired, but he's just been doing his thing, living the dream, whatever.

Charlotte	Why would you want him to be fired?

Seth	Karma. Just kidding, kind of.

Charlotte	So, is he seeing anyone?

Seth	No one consistently.

Charlotte	Oh good. I mean, not good, but good. He's getting out there and you know, meeting new people.

Seth	Yeah. Have you?

Charlotte	What?

Seth	Gone out there and met new people?

Charlotte	Well, I'm here, aren't I?

Seth	I mean dating, not just work.

Charlotte	I've been busy.

Seth	It's been over three months.

Charlotte	Yeah, and it's been a busy three months.

Seth	(chuckles) All right.

Seth	So, what should we do for the rest of the day?

Charlotte	I think I may go take a nap.

Seth	No, you didn't come all the way out to the Philippines just to sleep.

Charlotte	Fine, what do you have in mind?

Seth	How about horseback riding?

Charlotte	Oh no, I probably shouldn't.

Seth	What?

Charlotte	Henry might need my help.

Seth	Nice try but we both know that guy's got it under control. Let's get changed, I'll meet you in 10.

Guide	Oh hello, name?

Seth	Seth Adkins and Charlotte.

Guide	Yes, yes, come, come. I have horse for you.

Guide	Here.

Seth	This one? 

Guide	Yeah, up, up.

Seth	Okay, up, all right.

Seth	No. Okay. (laughs) It's harder than it looks.

Charlotte	You've never ridden horses before?

Seth	Not since I was a teenager.

Guide	Come, pull, pull, use muscles and pull.

Seth	Muscles and pull, okay.

Guide	Yeah, there you go.

Seth	You are big. 

Guide	Here, come, here.

Seth	Woo, I.

Guide	You teach him. 

Seth	Okay.

Guide	Okay, let's go.

Charlotte	(laughing)

Charlotte	So, where does this take us?

Seth	I can't remember. I have no idea.

Charlotte	You don't know? Well, what are we supposed to see then?

Seth	I can't remember what the brochure said but it doesn't matter. It's about the journey, right? The experience. Bonding with nature and your horse.

Charlotte	Great.

Seth	Don't you like horses?

Charlotte	Do you?

Seth	Yes, but I love all animals, always have.

Charlotte	Yeah, you should have been a veterinarian, not a dentist.

Seth	I actually wanted to be a vet.

Charlotte	Really? Why didn't you?

Seth	Ah, it wasn't enough.

Charlotte	What do you mean?

Seth	Elijah was going into a lucrative and successful field. My parents, well, they never said it, but I felt like they expected something more prestigious from me than working with animals.

Charlotte	Surprised you let that dissuade you.

Seth	Elijah would tease me about the idea. So, I began to think I should do something else.

Charlotte	Eh, you could always have a second career, a midlife crisis or something. Ditch your dental practice and learn how to treat animals.

Seth	I could, but being a dentist isn't bad. Besides, I'd rather interact with animals in this way.

Henry	I have gotten a bunch of inquiries about my foundation already.

Maya	Really?

Henry	Whatever you did is working.

Maya	Good. Is it mostly donations, volunteers, bit of both?

Henry	No, it's mainly volunteers. Everybody seems to have a different availability though. It's kind of making me dizzy, keeping it all straight.

Maya	(laughs) The foundations I worked for before had entire teams doing what you're trying to do all by yourself.

Henry	I have Isaiah.

Maya	Yes you do. And Isaiah is great. I just, I don't think that's going to be enough.

Henry	Well, it'll have to do for now. I just, I can't focus on bringing on someone new. I still have to make sure I can keep things going as they are, while adding more doctor rotations.

Maya	All right, listen. Will you just promise me one thing, that as this gets busier and the foundation continues to grow, take a minute every now and again and just relax. Breathe.

Henry	I promise. I do try to fly back to the US every Christmas to be with my family.

Maya	You do?

Henry	Yeah. My mom lives with my sister and her family. I have a brother who's on marriage number four.

Maya	Oh.

Henry	And then there's my son. 

Maya	Oh.

Henry	Yeah, he's in college back in Virginia.

Maya	So when you go back, how long did you get to stay for?

Henry	Two or three weeks, then right back here.

Maya	I bet they miss you when you go.

Henry	It's always good to see the family and spend a bit of time together. But I love coming back here.

Maya	So, this is home for you.

Henry	Yes. Yeah. What about you? You're from New Zealand, yeah?

Maya	Yep, and London before that.

Henry	So which is home and which is the place you live?

Maya	Um. Well, I've lived in Auckland for 15 years now. And it's the place I live, I think. But to be honest, I felt the same way about London. So I don't know.

Henry	You have kids?

Maya	No, I was married once before, when I was younger. I was too young, turns out.

Henry	I'm sorry.

Maya	I feel like I've got a sense of freedom now though. Like I can go to new places and see new cultures and make new relationships.

Henry	That's good, yeah. Fantastic.

Guide	Pineapple is big business. Lots of use for frutas and plant. Stop here, you can take pictures. Your horses rest for a minute.

Seth	Should we?

Charlotte	Yeah, might as well.

Seth	So did you ever want to be something other than a doctor?

Charlotte	No, only in the first couple of years when I was exhausted. (chuckles)

Seth	Still like it then?

Charlotte	Yeah, why wouldn't I?

Seth	I'm just thinking about that story you told Maya the other day, what happened last Christmas. Thought maybe it was becoming too much.

Charlotte	No, I just, I didn't want to disappoint your mom or Elijah. Did I ever thank you for helping me out of that?

Seth	(laughs) Yes, yes, you did.

Charotte	Good.

Seth	They miss you, you know?

Charlotte	Yeah?

Seth	Yeah. I get the sense that if they could pick a daughter-in-law, it would it be you.

Charlotte	What about you? Any future daughter-in-law prospects you'll be bringing home to them?

Seth	Nope, and thanks for reminding me of a topic my father likes to bring up whenever I see him.

Charlotte	Your dad? I'd assume it'd be your mom bringing it up.

Seth	Nah, nah. She's still hemming and hawing over Elijah's life choices.

Charlotte	Oh, there's your karma.

Seth	Now, at least it spares me from her fixating on my love life.

Charlotte	So can I ask why no one special has caught your eye?

Seth	I guess that's just it. No one special has caught my eye. I don't know. Maybe I'm too caught up with everyday life. Get up, go to work. See patients, cavities, root canals, come home, catch a game with some friends and do it all over again. Through it all, no one's really stood out.

Charlotte	So, what are you looking for?

Seth	I don't know.

Charlotte	Oh, come on. Blonde, brunette, auburn, athletic, tall, petite, bookish?

Seth	I'm not sure any of that really matters. I'm just looking for that. That moment. Beyond the carefree decision of sure, let's grab a coffee sometime.

Charlotte	The spark.

Seth	Who knows? Maybe I'll let you know when it happens.

Guide	Okay, let's go. (tongue clicking)

Charlotte	Hey, Maya!

Maya	Hi, how was horseback riding?

Charlotte	It was fun. Enlightening. (laughs)

Maya	So you coming in? This water is amazing.

Charlotte	Thanks, maybe next time.

Maya	All right.

Charlotte	I had fun. Thanks for suggesting it.

Seth	Yeah, I'm glad you came.

Seth	(sighs)

Maya	What's the matter, you all right?

Seth	Just. My brother was a fool to let her go.

Charlotte	Do you need some motion sickness meds again?

Henry	Sorry, this place is a little out there.

Maya	Even farther than the island village?

Henry	Well, there are degrees, I guess.

Henry	Kumusta? (laughs) All right, these people are mostly waiting on vaccines. This is my first time here. Another village referred them to the foundation.

Seth	Let's get started then.

Henry	Yeah.

Charlotte	There you go. Okay, you're all set, thanks. Next.

Charlotte	Hey, Henry!

Henry	Yeah. 

Charlotte	Come here.

Henry	Hang on. Yeah, what can I do for you?

Charlotte	Put those on.

Henry	Okay.

Charlotte	They can be a little tricky to get on. Now when you're ready, I'm going to have you take this. There you go. Now here, insert with the needle like this, and pull the plunger back to fill it, 0.5 milliliters,

Henry	Okay, like that?

Charlotte	Good, now keep the tip of the syringe in the liquid and careful not to draw on any air if you can help it.

Henry	Right, okay, like that?

Charlotte	Uh huh.

Henry	Good? 

Charlotte	Great. Ready to give it a try?

Henry	What?

Charlotte	We've got a line of people here.

Henry	Oh yeah, no, they they've come to see doctors, not a computer geek.

Charlotte	You'll be fine, come on. We'll start by cleaning his skin. How are you?

Man	Fine. 

Charlotte	All right, thank you.

Henry	Yeah.

Charlotte	I'm just gonna slightly grab the arm, a wide pinch, if you will, and.

Henry	(groans)

Charlotte	All set? There.

Charlotte	Are you feeling okay?

Henry	Yeah, I'll be fine. (clears throat)

Charlotte	Do you need to sit? 

Henry	Yep, mm-hmm.

Charlotte	I'll take that. 

Henry	Maybe you oughta. Yeah.

Charlotte	I didn't think it would bother you.

Henry	Yeah, no it shouldn't. I am a fully grown man. But needles have always made me queasy. There goes my career in medicine.

Charlotte	(laughs) Just take a deep breath, you'll be fine.

Henry	Embarrassing.

Charlotte	(laughs)

Maya	Okay, do you see my earring? Can you just look right there for me?

Seth	Hi-five. Good job.

Seth	Oh! (laughs)

Maya	I mean, I could see you turning green from across the room.

Charlotte	You did well, Henry.

Henry	Just don't make me watch anything with needles anymore.

Maya	Doing all right there, Seth? Seeing anything interesting outside?

Seth	Just green blurs. I feel like if I can keep my focus out there it doesn't bother my stomach as much.

Henry	Oh, that's not good.

Charlotte	What is it?

Seth	Sounded like something hit the undercarriage.

Henry	Well, whatever it was, the truck is no longer working. Sorry, guys.

Maya	That's all right. It was an accident.

Charlotte	Do you have any service out here?

Maya	No.

Seth	What, no jungle cell phone tower?

Henry	Afraid not.

Maya	I didn't see anybody on the way out here.

Charlotte	Or on the way in.

Maya	Do you know how far out we are still?

Henry	Oh, 40 kilometers. 35 to the nearest village. And 25 kilometers back to the village we just were at. (sighs) The sun'll be set by then. I think we're just gonna have to wait it out here tonight.

Maya	How will anybody find us?

Henry	Well, hopefully somebody will come along the road, but if not, we are scheduled to meet up with Isaiah at a different part of the island tomorrow. He'll know something's up. He'll come for us.

Charlotte	Well, what do we have to work with then?

Maya	Does anybody want something to eat? I've got granola bars, packets of crisps, water.

Henry	Water'll be good.

Maya	Let's just bring the...

Seth	Always be prepared, right?

Henry	Yeah. We could stand to be a little more prepared than we are.

Maya	It's fine. It's like an adventure, right?

Henry	Yeah, you have a healthy sense of optimism there, Maya.

Seth	To be honest, these are better camping conditions than I had growing up.

Henry	Yeah, you camped a lot?

Seth	No, And I'll tell you why. There was always a bug or creature in my sleeping bag.

Charlotte	Like what?

Seth	Once there was a gecko, that wasn't so bad. Another time, a dead mouse.

Maya	In your sleeping bag?

Seth	A spider, centipede.

Charlotte	Ugh, gross.

Seth	Oh, the worst was a snake.

Henry	No. 

Maya	Why? You just have the worst luck in all the land?

Seth	Close. I had a mischievous brother.

Charlotte	No, he didn't.

Seth	In his defense, at least the snake was a garter. And harmless.

Henry	You ever do any camping, Maya?

Maya	No, and apparently I wasn't missing out on much.

Henry	How about you Charlotte?

Charlotte	Yeah. Fortunately, I don't have a brother to torment me.

Charlotte	One of my favorite things though was looking up at the stars at night.

Henry	Oh, well, you might want to look up. Don't want to miss these.

Maya	Wow.

Charlotte	It's beautiful.

Henry	One of the many things I love here.

Charlotte	Did anyone come?

Henry	No, it's early yet.

Henry	Oh, uh, Seth got a little restless. Went to look for food.

Charlotte	Really?

Henry	Like I said, restless.

Maya	Morning, what'd I miss?

Charlotte	I'm going to go check on Seth.

Henry	Okay. Be careful, don't get lost.

Charlotte	Honk, if anyone comes.

Henry	You got it.

Charlotte	Oh, I hate the jungle. Hate the jungle.

Charlotte	Seth? Seth?

Charlotte	(gasps)

Seth	(chuckles) What are you doing out here?

Charlotte	Henry said you were coming to look for food. Did you find any?

Seth	Yeah. Yeah, I found some fruit or something. Why, you hungry?

Charlotte	Just curious.

Seth	Well, I didn't know what it was, so I left it behind.

Charlotte	You didn't even try it?

Seth	No, what if it was poisonous?

Charlotte	(laughs)

Seth	(laughs) What?

Charlotte	You're kind of paranoid.

Seth	Okay, says the girl scaring herself from noises in the jungle.

Charlotte	Okay, I'm not being critical, it's just.

Seth	Elijah would have eaten the fruit without thought.

Charlotte	Yeah, he would.

Seth	Well, it's a good thing I'm not him then.

Charlotte	Being bold isn't a bad thing.

Seth	No, so long as you balance it. Elijah doesn't.

Charlotte	Wow.

Seth	What?

Charlotte	(laughs) I didn't realize you two didn't get along as well as I thought.

Seth	We get along fine. It's just, Elijah can be impulsive, like with... Never mind.

Charlotte	Like when he dumped me? Being impulsive isn't a bad thing, you know.

Seth	Are you defending him now?

Charlotte	No, I'm just saying being impulsive can be good.

Seth	You know, I'm surprised at how you talk about Elijah. Never mind, how you reacted when you saw me here and treated me just because I look like him. And now you're talking like what he did is okay.

Charlotte	Trust me, it's not.

Seth	Good. I'm sorry, I shouldn't have brought it up. It's just, even I resent what he did to you. And I don't know, hearing you talk about him like that. I guess, I just think you should still be upset with him.

Charlotte	I am. Sort of. More than anything, I'm... I don't know why he backed away and why I didn't see it. I mean, what did I miss? Was it really him and his career? Was it because he feels threatened because I'm a doctor? Did he just not love me? Sorry, forget I said anything.

Seth	No, no. It was just as much of a surprise to me.

Charlotte	(panting)

Seth	Charlotte, what's wrong?

Seth	What happened?

Elijah	It's all right.

Seth	It doesn't look all right. What did you do?

Elijah	What I had to. I broke things off.

Seth	You what? Why would you do that?

Elijah	It wasn't right. Not now, maybe not ever.

Seth	Elijah, it's your wedding day, her wedding day.

Elijah	I know, bad form and all that, right? She'll be fine.

Maya	Any improvement?

Henry	No. Didn't think there would be, just...

Maya	Can't help checking?

Henry	Yeah, and hoping.

Henry	Well, you're kind of a have to stay busy type, aren't ya?

Maya	(laughs) Yeah, I think I get a little bit restless if I don't.

Henry	Ariana was just like that. Always fixing something up, organizing, straightening.

Maya	Yeah, maybe it's a woman thing.

Henry	Maybe. Only time I could ever get her to stop was when we were traveling.

Maya	What happened to her?

Henry	She got sick. Ariana had always wanted to visit a lot of the islands. So we decided to do it. Take a couple of weeks, just go from place to place. It was a chance for her to see her home country in a new way.

Maya	Yeah.

Henry	We were on this tiny Island. I mean, smaller than the one we were on the other day, if you can believe it.

Maya	Really?

Henry	And she started feeling ill. It just happened so fast. Still don't know if it was some bug she'd picked up, or something she ate, something she touched. There was no plane, only way off the island was a boat. And she was just in so much pain, it wasn't an option. No one could help her. Maybe I should have tried the boat, but I just couldn't stand the thought of. (sighs) By the time I realized that we had to risk it, it was too late. She passed away right there on that island.

Maya	I'm so sorry.

Henry	Yeah, me too.

Maya	But you found a wonderful way to keep her memory alive. I mean, you've turned a tragedy into something good, something wonderful.

Henry	It's got a long way to go still, but I think she'd be proud of what I've done so far.

Maya	He came, you were right!

Isaiah	Hey, guys!

Henry	Isaiah!

Seth	Elijah has a self-centered streak. To outsiders he seems driven and bound for success. And that often comes at the expense of others. I saw it over and over again growing up with him. And if there was a problem, I usually had to clean it up.

Charlotte	I'm not a problem.

Seth	(laughs) No, that's not what I meant. I only mean, he's moved on, and not seen the consequences of what he did. (sighs) I wonder if the only way he'll learn is if he.

Charlotte	(groans)

Seth	Goes through the same heartbreak he put you through.

Charlotte	I don't know. All I know is I don't want anyone to go through the same heartbreak if they can avoid it.

Charlotte	It's Henry. Oh, somebody came.

Seth	Yeah.

Henry	Alrighty, thanks again, Isaiah.

Isaiah	Next time, take a better car.

Henry	Yeah. (laughs)

Seth	Ah, it's good to be back in civilization.

Maya	Yes, running water is my friend.

Henry	Oh, since we didn't make it to today's destination we've rescheduled it for tomorrow.

Charlotte	Sounds good to me.

Henry	Listen, after we get back tomorrow let me take you guys all out to some nice place for dinner.

Charlotte	Oh, you don't have to do that.

Henry	Oh no, no, I want to.

Charlotte	If you're sure.

Henry	Yeah, yeah, absolutely, yeah. Seth, Maya?

Maya	Yeah. 

Seth	Count me in.

Henry	Okay.

Charlotte	See you later?

Seth	Yeah.

Charlotte	Hey!

Maya	Hey.

Charlotte	What's up?

Maya	Just wondering, what do you think the dress is for dinner tonight?

Charlotte	I haven't even thought about it. You could ask Henry if you want to be sure?

Maya	No, no, no, that's all right. What are you wearing and I'll just pick based off of that.

Charlotte	(laughs) I have no idea.

Maya	Well, what are your options? What are we working with?

Charlotte	See for yourself.

Maya	Here? Oh, this is lovely, you should wear this.

Charlotte	I was thinking I'd wear pants.

Maya	No, you hould dress up tonight.

Charlotte	Why?

Maya	Well, Seth might like it.

Charlotte	Why should that matter? It's not like we're involved or anything.

Maya	Oh, come on. The way you two get along, you must've at least considered it.

Charlotte	No. Oh, that would be so awkward. I, everyone would think we had some forbidden romance before, when I was with Elijah.

Maya	Did you?

Charlotte	No! I'm just saying, there'd be looks and rumors and the odd family gatherings when Elijah would be there too.

Maya	Oh yeah, you've not given this any thought at all, have you?

Charlotte	(laughs) I'm just thinking out loud.

Maya	Well, throw Elijah out of the situation. It's just you and Seth. No awkward history, nobody else's opinion. Would you go out with him?

Seth	Sure, why not?

Maya	No, I don't just mean a simple date. Could you see him being your boyfriend or maybe more?

Charlotte	But if I could, isn't that strange?

Maya	No, why would it be?

Charlotte	Because I was engaged to his twin brother.

Maya	Okay. Maybe on the surface, but I mean, if you have feelings for him then none of that should matter. I always say, learn the lesson, forget the rest. No regrets.

Charlotte	Well, what about you and Henry? I can tell you admire him.

Maya	No. Is it obvious?

Charlotte	Only if you know what to look for, but don't worry. I think he's clueless.

Maya	Yeah, he's pretty clueless, huh?

Charlotte	Yeah.

Maya	I just, I don't want it to be awkward. I mean, I know it's been several years, but I feel like he's still mourning his wife on some level.

Charlotte	I think he always will, that's normal.

Maya	Yeah, I just, I don't, I don't want to be insensitive. I feel like I'm stomping on her memory or something.

Charlotte	No, I don't think you're doing that at all. Just give him time. I don't think he's really thought of moving forward with his heart.

Maya	Yeah. Right, so for dinner are we talking fancy ballroom, or boring doctor soulless?

Charlotte	Ah, how dressed up are we really talking?

Maya	I have an idea, I shall return. You just, you wait right there.

Charlotte	Okay.

Maya	Wait, is the restaurant that far or?

Henry	This is the restaurant.

Maya	What?

Henry	I thought a sunset dinner cruise might be a nice change.

Maya	Oh, I love it. 

Henry	Yeah, please. That is a nice dress on you, Maya.

Maya	Oh, thank you.

Seth	Something I should know there.

Charlotte	You can probably guess.

Seth	Here. 

Charlotte	Oh, thanks.

Maya	So how soon until you have the next doctors coming out?

Henry	Two months. And then I have another group coming in three months, thanks to you.

Maya	Really?

Henry	Yeah, I just hope I can get it all arranged.

Charlotte	Well, good news. The administrator at my hospital is already working on donating supplies.

Henry	Thank you.

Maya	You know, we could get more. Didn't you use to work in the tech industry?

Henry	Yeah.

Seth	That's a great idea, Maya. Yeah, they have deep pockets and like to donate to good causes.

Maya	They do. I mean, is there anybody you're still in contact with, someone you'd feel comfortable reaching out to?

Henry	Yeah, I already have a little. I'm just not terribly bold when it comes to things like that.

Maya	Well, I mean, if it's something that you want, you've got to ask for it.

Henry	Mm-hmm. Here, let me grab your.

Maya	Oh yeah, I can help.

Henry	Thank you. 

Maya	Oh, I'll help.

Seth	Come on.

Charlotte	What?

Seth	Let's check out the view from the bow.

Charlotte	Isn't it rockier up there?

Seth	I took something for motion sickness the second I saw the boat.

Charlotte	Ah. (laughs)

Seth	Whoa!

Charlotte	You okay?

Seth	I'm not great on my feet on land, much less out here. You should see me dance.

Charlotte	Oh, I can imagine. Elijah, let's just say he didn't like dancing.

Seth	Ah, so it's true then? You made Elijah take dance lessons.

Charlotte	He told you.

Seth	You thought the traditional first dance as a couple wouldn't wow anyone.

Charlotte	Um, I did not say that.

Seth	Hey, I'm just repeating how Elijah put it.

Charlotte	(sighs) He did hate it, and that's fine. I just, I wanted everything to be perfect. Not that it ended up mattering anyway. (chuckles)

Seth	Well, the cake was really good.

Charlotte	Was it? I didn't even get to try it.

Seth	Well, my mom chastised me for taking a slice, saying it was bad luck. But I figured that ship had already sailed.

Charlotte	Wow, I am glad the event wasn't a total loss then.

Seth	I had leftovers for weeks. (laughs) Oh, but hors d'oeuvres don't keep well.

Charlotte	Yeah, the caterer tried to get me to take some home as if that would make me feel better.

Seth	Did it?

Charlotte	Yeah. (laughs) Kidding, I threw the food away as soon as I walked in the door.

Maya	Oh. 

Henry	I'll get that, thank you. Thanks so much.

Maya	Hey, if you wanted my help with the foundation I'd be willing to stay and help.

Henry	That's nice. I couldn't ask you to do that.

Maya	Why not?

Henry	It's too much. You're already sacrificing a lot.

Maya	No, it's not a sacrifice, I like it here.

Henry	Well, what about your practice back in Auckland?

Maya	I could figure something out, make arrangements. Just, it feels good here.

Henry	Thank you. But I'm not really sure what I'm going to do yet.

Maya	Yeah. It's just an option, something to think about.

Henry	Yeah, okay. Thank you

Maya	Yeah.

Seth	In spite of it all, was there any good that came of it?

Charlotte	I guess being here. Using my profession to help. I don't know if I would've have considered it otherwise. (chuckles) It's been nice here.

Seth	Till I showed up.

Charlotte	Even that's not been as horrible as I feared.

Seth	Yeah?

Charlotte	Yeah.

Seth	Good.

Seth	When we went horseback riding, I told you that I'd let you know if I ever felt that spark for someone.

Charlotte	I remember.

Seth	Is that okay?

Charlotte	Mm-hmm.

Charlotte	(gasping) I'm sorry. I can't.

Charlotte	(groans) Oh, what was I thinking? (sighs) Stupid. I'm stupid.

Henry	(sighs)

Seth	You okay?

Henry	Yeah, oh yeah.

Henry	Is Dr. Solis. Maya. Is she? Am I reading that right?

Seth	I wondered when you would notice.

Henry	Wow. Well, I guess I've really gotten blind to seeing things like that.

Seth	What kind of things?

Henry	Emotional type situations.

Seth	Matters of the heart?

Henry	Thank you, that sounds better.

Seth	Well, she is an eye doctor. Maybe she can help you see again.

Henry	Yeah, I don't know. I don't know that it's such a good idea.

Seth	Why not?

Henry	Conflict of interest. We're employer, employee.

Seth	It's hardly that. She's a doctor, and a volunteer, and a good person. Maybe you could use a fresh start.

Seth	Charlotte. I'm sorry, I overstepped. I shouldn't have.

Charlotte	 No, it's not your fault. I just can't. I want to think I can look past everything, but I can't. I'm not strong enough, and you're… It's just too hard.

Seth	Maybe I rushed things between us, but that doesn't mean you don't feel something.

Charlotte	I do feel something. I feel hurt and angry and confused.

Seth	What about hope and happiness, love?

Charlotte	It doesn't matter. I don't trust my heart when I see you.

Seth	(sighs) Do you ever think you'll be able to look at me and not see Elijah?

Charlotte	(sighs)

Charlotte	(sighs)

Charlotte	Okay. Looks good, you're all set. Let me just get you...

Charlotte	Thank you. 

Woman	Thank you.

Charlotte	Yeah.

Seth	All right, you're all set.

Isaiah	(speaking foreign language)

Charlotte	Hey, Isaiah? Can I get your help over here real quick?

Isaiah	Yes.

Charlotte	Thanks. Would you mind asking her really quick? I just wanted to check something.

Henry	Charlotte, perfect timing. We were just sitting down to eat.

Charlotte	Oh, what are we having?

Maya	Seth grilled up some chicken, and I got a cassava cake from the market.

Charlotte	I'm good, but thanks. You guy go on ahead.

Maya	You two all right?

Seth	Yeah, yeah.

Isaiah	Dr. Adkins looks at you a lot.

Charlotte	Oh?

Henry	Hi, everything all right?

Charlotte	Yeah, I'm fine.

Henry	Do you have any big plans for the weekend? You've all been busy.

Charlotte	I haven't even thought about it.

Henry	You know, no one would think twice about taking a little time to relax.

Charlotte	I know, it's just not important to me though.

Henry	All work, no play. When you first arrived here, you thought you'd come just to, to volunteer, to help.

Charlotte	Yeah, I'd like to think that I'm that dedicated, but we both know I came here to escape.

Henry	Did that work?

Charlotte	No, not really. I'm sorry if I've seemed distracted or unfocused.

Henry	Oh no, no, no. Everything's been fine there. No, I just bring it up because you, you don't seem happy.

Charlotte	Yeah. You know, I came here to find closure. But instead I feel even more uncertain about everything.

Henry	Yeah, closing the door on your past doesn't mean you have to block out your future.

Charlotte	That sounds wise. (laughs) But it's too complicated. Seth and I, we couldn't have a future.

Henry	Oh. That's too bad.

Henry	Dr. Hudson?

Henry	Doctor?

Charlotte	Henry, what's wrong?

Henry	I'm so sorry to wake you. I got a call from Isaiah. His son, apparently he got hurt. They are hurrying over to that clinic to meet us.

Charlotte	Yes, of course. I'll grab my things.

Henry	Thank you.

Seth	Is everything all right?

Henry	Sorry, I didn't mean to disturb either of you. It's Isaiah's son, he needs help.

Maya	Oh no. 

Seth	I'll get dressed.

Maya	Me too.

Charlotte	How serious?

Henry	I don't know. He said his son Datu fell and he's bleeding. He said he has a hurt leg. I could hear him crying.

Maya	Do you get many of these midnight calls?

Henry	No, not often. I have trained myself to be a light sleeper so when they come in but. The worst is when I get a call and there's no doctors here.

Maya	Well, we're going to change that. We're getting close.

Henry	Thank you.

Charlotte	Let's get everything set up.

Seth	I'll get the lights. Maya, could you get the ones over there?

Maya	On it.

Henry	I'll wait for him outside.

Charlotte	Do you want to help me with this?

Seth	Yeah.

Maya	I thought I heard them coming. Is that them? Okay.

Seth	He's here.

Charlotte	Over here.

Datu	groaning)

Maya	Put his head this way.

Charlotte	Can you tell me what happened?

Isaiah	My son, Datu, he sleepwalks. I heard him crying outside. He fell on some rocks.

Charlotte	Datu, can you tell me what hurts?

Datu	Leg.

Charlotte	Are you having any trouble breathing?

Datu	(groans)

Charlotte	So you sleepwalk, huh? You know, I used to do that when I was your age. I need a... Thank you.

Seth	I can clean it.

Charlotte	It's gonna need a few stitches.

Seth	I got it. 

Charlotte	Okay. Datu, can you tell me what's going on with your wrist?

Datu	Hurt.

Charlotte	Can you move it at all, like this?

Datu	Ow, ow.

Charlotte	Okay, yeah, that's good. We'll just let it rest.

Maya	Sprain?

Charlotte	I think so, but it's gonna have to wait.

Henry	I have ice packs.

Charlotte	Great. Isaiah, could Isaiah stand on his leg at all?

Isaiah	No, too much pain.

Charlotte	Okay.

Maya	Thank you.

Charlotte	Henry, could we get more ice packs?

Henry	Yeah, of course.

Seth	What is it?

Charlotte	Most likely a broken leg.

Seth	Okay, that's not a huge deal, right?

Charlotte	Well, it depends on how it broke. I don't have an x-ray here. I mean, it could be a simple greenstick fracture, but if it's not, I can't tell how bad it is or if what I'm doing is enough.

Seth	Don't we just splint and cast it?

Charlotte	Yeah, well, is it properly aligned? It's swollen, so visually I just can't be sure. I'm just, I'm guessing.

Seth	Henry, is there an x-ray machine anywhere on the island?

Henry	No, not that I know of.

Seth	Okay, so you don't have what you normally need in this situation, but Datu has you and you have us.

Charlotte	Okay.

Seth	What do you need us to do?

Charlotte	Finish cleaning and stitching the head wound. Maya, could you bandage his wrist?

Maya	Yes.

Charlotte	Henry, can I get a splint?

Henry	Yep, I've got one.

Isaiah	Doctor.

Charlotte	Everything's gonna be all right, Isaiah. Datu, I think you broke your leg. I'm gonna touch it, okay?

Datu	(groans)

Charlotte	I know. 

Isaiah	You're okay.

Charlotte	I know.

Datu	(groans)

Charlotte	Is this where it hurts the most? Is it numb? Tingling? Tingling, does he know that word?

Isaiah	(speaking foreign language)

Charlotte	Okay, that's good. Can you feel my fingers on your ankle here?

Datu	(groans)

Charlotte	That's good. We're gonna make sure you're feeling better. I'm gonna start by splinting your leg, okay? Thank you. Okay, nice and easy.

Isaiah	Better?

Datu	 A little.

Charlotte	You did well on those stitches.

Seth	Yeah, they're not so bad. Try doing that in someone's mouth.

Charlotte	(laughs) Datu will be sore, but keep his leg elevated for a couple of days. We can cast it once the swelling goes down, but I'd like to take a look at it on an x-ray first to be sure.

Henry	We can get a charter to a larger island with a hospital. I can arrange that.

Isaiah	Thank you, Henry. 

Henry	Yeah.

Isaiah	Thank you, Dr. Hudson. Thank you, everyone. Thank you.

Henry	I am just so glad that you were all here.

Charlotte	Us too.

Seth	Do you need any help setting up the boat charter?

Henry	No, no. No, I can handle that, you all rest up. Hopefully there won't be any more excitement today.

Seth	Sounds good.

Charlotte	See you in a minute?

Maya	Yeah.

Maya	You doing all right?

Henry	Knowing that Datu will be okay, yes. That's the important thing.

Maya	Yeah. (sighs) Poor boy.

Maya	You know, it's just a shame we didn't have any diagnostics equipment.

Henry	I know.

Maya	We could though, you know.

Henry	Well, we travel around from place to place.

Maya	But they make portable versions of most machines nowadays. I mean, not everything, but take an x-ray, for example. What if we had had something like that there tonight? Can you imagine the difference that could have made?

Henry	Yeah, I dunno. It sounds great, but how do I get all that?

Maya	It doesn't have to be all at once. We just... We'll keep taking in donations, and we'll eventually buy the machinery that we need. And then that will help us to treat the patients more effectively and more accurately. In fact, it is a great way to help the foundation expand. What? (laughs)

Henry	I'm sorry. I just, I didn't expect you to be so involved.

Maya	Why not?

Henry	I guess I thought it was asking too much.

Maya	Oh.

Henry	You were serious about wanting to stay here.

Maya	Very.

Henry	Well, I've been thinking and I think it would be nice for you to stay.

Maya	Really?

Henry	Yeah, I mean, you know, you were right. I can't really handle the foundation anymore by myself, with the incoming doctors and the funding and the machines. Trying to keep the clinics open on all the islands. It's, it's... And it's something I don't think I even want to try to keep doing alone, anymore, really.

Maya	Do you want me to stay?

Henry	Yes. But only if you're sure it won't disrupt your practice or your life back home. It's completely up to you.

Maya	Okay.

Henry	Okay, you're staying or, or you're thinking? Yeah, I don't, you know what? I don't need an answer right now. Just take your time.

Maya	I don't need any more time. I want to stay here to help. With you.

Henry	Yeah, I'd like that.

Maya	Okay.

Charlotte	Someone looks happy for staying up all night.

Maya	Henry asked me to stay.

Charlotte	What?

Maya	Then he kind of tried to talk me out of it again, but I ignored that part and I'm gonna stay. I'm gonna help him with the foundation. There is so much good that we can do here. And who knows what else might come out of it.

Charlotte	I'm happy for you.

Maya	Thank you. What, what's the matter?

Charlotte	Nothing. It was a good night.

Maya	Is that enough? Come on, think I haven't noticed you and Seth avoiding each other like the plague?

Charlotte	(laughs) I know. Oh, it's been awful, but for a moment tonight, even though it was tense and Datu needed our help, I was just happy to be working together. It felt like the most natural thing.

Maya	So what does that tell you? Hmm? I mean, you think you can't be happy again, but you want and deserve another chance.

Charlotte	I know, but.

Maya	But what? You're afraid, of what exactly?

Charlotte	I'm afraid that history will repeat itself. That somehow things will end up like they did with Elijah. And yet I'm also afraid I'll regret letting him go.

Maya	You have got to talk to him.

Charlotte	I know, but what if, what if he?

Maya	What did I say? No regrets, remember?

Charlotte	I never thanked you for coming to help with Datu.

Seth	Of course I was gonna come.

Charlotte	I know. I was glad you were there too. You helped me. A lot. Look Seth, I... I haven't exactly handled this whole trip right. And it isn't fair to you.

Seth	It's not as if I don't understand though. All I am is a painful reminder for you.

Charlotte	No, you're not.

Seth	Can you honestly say that?

Charlotte	Okay. It was a shock at first and it wasn't easy for me.

Seth	You know, when I first saw you here, I almost left.

Charlotte	Me too.

Seth	I know Elijah was reckless with your feelings, and I didn't want to put you through more heartache.

Charlotte	The heartache wasn't because of you. If anything, you've helped me let go of the hurt. I've seen sides of you that have made me admire you more and more. When we were at the clinic with Isaiah's son, you were my colleague, but also a comfort. And before that, you've been the part of me that's been missing. I tried not to see it. I convinced myself it wasn't possible, but I keep seeing something in you that I didn't expect.

Seth	What?

Charlotte	You. Not Elijah, not Elijah's brother, but you. I didn't want to dwell on it before, but last Christmas, when you helped me, I just wished Elijah had thought to stand up for me or to cover for me like you did. You were a kinder soul than my fiance. Elijah did me a favor. He didn't love me enough and I loved him so much that I ignored the things he did that hurt the people closest to him. Whereas you, you go out of your way for people because you care. For them and for me.

Seth	I do you care for you. More than I thought possible.

Charlotte	Then what?

Seth	I just keep thinking what if we make a mess of things? I don't want us to get hurt--

Charlotte	I am just as scared about that, believe me, but I've decided I've gotta get over it. I'm willing to risk it.

Seth	You are? 

Charlotte	Yeah. Who knows how this will end up? I sure don't but I want to find out.

Charlotte	Just promise me that if it comes down to it we'll figure out good ways to handle Elijah, if he's around or any weird looks people give us back home or.

Seth	Let's not let any of that worry us. We'll face whatever we face, but none of it matters. The only thing that matters to me is you.

Charlotte	I believe you.

Seth	I always thought he was a fool to let you go. But now I'm so glad he did.

Charlotte	Me too.

Seth	See anything interesting?

Charlotte	Yes. (chuckles)

Maya	Charlotte, Seth! It's time to go! Patients waiting.

Charlotte	We better get going.

5Seth	All right.
