(MEAT)

JOSH	I think a lot of people are losing connection with the hunter-gatherer aspect of life. I mean, we are predators. We've got two eyes in our heads that face forward. We were designed to harvest meat. And so, this is my supermarket.


JILL	I was always going to be a farmer and that's what I was going to be. Even back then, in the age when there was hardly any female farmers around. The men went out to work and the women stayed inside and did the cleaning and stuff like that, and fed the men. That was it. That was never going to happen to me

TONY	The first job I ever had was in a can factory. My job was, with a little tiny children's artist paintbrush, putting flecks down the side of the can that was going to be soldered by other people. Eleven hours a day. And that motivated me, I'm never going to spend my life in a factory

IAN	When I was about 12 I think, I bought my first pig. Mrs Sow' was my first sow's name. I've been pig farming for 27 years now. So you know, it's difficult for a farmer, who spends a lot of time looking after the animals 24/7 to be told by an outsider that you're doing it wrong.

JOSH	I was always hunting from a young age. My family was quite poor, we didn't have meat all the time, so it was kind of us kids' jobs to provide meat for the family. When I was about   years old we started to hunt rabbits and that's when we started to eat what we caught. I grew up in the city as well, I didn't grow up in the country. And we had to BMX to the outskirts of town to catch rabbits. nd I guess, in a lot of places, kids can still do that but they choose not to, because there's other ways to keep themselves entertained; iPads and computers and goodness knows how many toys. When I was a kid, we had to go make our own fun. And hunting was a part of that I think. Now, I don't buy any meat. All of the meat that we consume comes from the forest. It's the law of nature, I think. Predators, meat-eaters, are meant to eat meat. e might as well harvest it in an ethical way, and get some enjoyment out of it.

IAN	All we've done is taken a paddock and put a roof over it. And we've bred animals that perform and live in that environment. Come on, get up there. Yeah, this is real exciting. So each one of these sows will produce over two tonne of pig meat every year. So we put them in these, so today we can put the boar in front of them. It’s a bit of a porn show, and if they're on heat, it stimulates them. And then when they cycle, like, she's rock solid. She's not going to go anywhere. She's looking for a man. Just trying to simulate the boar. Sitting on their back, riding on their back and the boar's got a level of movement on there and it just... Just try to replicate that. Make the girl feel happy. Like, I can't force this into her, she's actually sucking this out of this packet. So I've got to stimulate her enough, and having the boar up there does that and sitting on her back, what the boar does, creates her to contract, and then draws the semen out of the packet.

JILL	Nigel, my partner, and I bought here in     . Coming up    years. We run three blocks of land. We breed roughly about fifteen hundred breeding sheep, which we early-lamb. We trade lambs in the summertime. Anything between three and five thousand. And then in the springtime, I do eight hundred calves. When we first started here, our lambs went to England to supply the British with their Christmas lamb, and then in some years it's gone to France and America, but traditionally it goes to the European markets to meet their Christmas eating. We supply the food for the food chain, and yeah, like, New Zealand hasn't got the population to eat what we can supply here, so it's got to go overseas. Otherwise, there wouldn't be farmers.If you've got live ones, you always get dead ones. It's just a fact of life.

TONY	I was a secondary school teacher. Taught maths and science, and physics and electronics, and chemistry and religious education. Absolutely loved it. So we came out here, and we loved the house and the grounds. Like living in a park. But it was a disused chicken farm. So all the sheds were there. And you're thinking: what do you do with all this, space, and how do you use these buildings that were designed for chickens? And a good answer was: do chickens. Now we own about nineteen thousand chickens, but then our main buyer they want more and more, and the numbers increased, so we now don't have the shed space, so we get people from out of town to grow them on for us. So for a chicken farm, it's relatively tinyCould you get the... Lift the bottom. These were packed in their crates at about   o'clock this morning in Hamilton. They'll be in here for about six weeks and then, down to the processing unit and gently placed in plastic bags.

JOSH	I have no problem telling my kids about where the meat comes from in the wild, but I'm a little bit hesitant to tell them about the whole farm side of things. I don't know if kids should be forced to see what happens t the freezing works but I think they need to be educated to a certain extent so they can make a choice. But I don't know if we need to shove it in their faces, look at the chickens, look at these pigs. I kind of struggle with people who eat meat, and they're quite happy to eat meat, but they don't realise the process that a farm animal goes through to get from the farm to their plate. And they don't realise the process a wild animal goes through to get from the bush to someone's plate. It's a long, complicated process for the farm animal, and it's a fairly simple process for the wild animal. So I don't I don't dislike these people, I think they just need to be educated. Even though I don't agree with the caged farming, I still buy and eat bacon. Double standards, isn't it. It is. So many people out there become vegetarians because they don't like the killing of animals, and that's the reason they become vegetarians, and a lot of those people are anti-hunting. They're hardcore anti-hunters, because they don't see that hunting is actually a fairly ethical way to get meat. I mean, fair call, we're still out there killing animls. We're still harvesting animals. The animal's not living a nice happy life in the forest and starving to death when it's old. It's getting shot in its prime and harvested to get taken to the table but I think the choice, or the turning point from becoming a meat-eater to a vegetarian, is that whole farmed process, where they see how the chickens are treated, how the pigs are treated, how the cattle are treated, how the sheep are treated, and that is the dividing point where they say, Right, that's it. I'm not eating any meat, I'm going vegetarian only.' And I think if they were educated on the hunting side of things, they'd probably say, 'OK, we're just going to eat hunted meat only, and not farmed meat.'

JILL	I can hear one of these two ewes over here bawling. I'm just trying to work out if she's trying to lamb. I'm practical, yeah. Yeah, very practical. I'll never forget: I heard this car come squealing down the road and I thought 'what's going on here?' And I chase it for about a km and a bit. Pulled up outside the address and I thought it was a domestic cause she was wanting out of the car and he was trying to get her in the car. Got her back inside, I said, 'get an ambulance here now!' By the time it was all up, I had delivered the kid and that, and it was like, Yeah you can forget the ambulance, it's all over.' All he wanted to do was what you see on TV, hot water and towels! Nah, I don't need all that. Yeah yeah' I says, 'it's just like delivering a lamb.' If you go in close you can actually see where it's been trying to lamb, the swelling that's developed on the face and the start of the feet. But she just hasn't been able to push it out because it's. the shoulders the way it's come it would've been catching on the shoulders. You normally get one Well, some days, as I said, you can bet we didn't have any today and some days you might get three in a morning, Towards the end, the bigger the singles they are, the more you have to lamb, the more difficult it is. You'll get to lamb them if they're breech births. And all you'll see out is their tail sticking out here and their feet are high and like that, so you've actually got to push them forward and back in the ewe again and get the feet turned around to bring them out that way. And the worst scenario is when they're, Nigel said the head was out, well no this is this is just the nose sticking out. If the head would have been out, as I said to you, if the head had just come out and the feet, all that would have been swelled up. And then I would've had to get my hand in there to try and find a front foot and get the front foot out. Whereas this is a straightforward easy case. She just hasn't managed to push it out because of its being caught with its shoulders in the channel and that's it. 
IAN	In you go babe. Turn, turn, turn, turn. I feel that they trust us. So therefore they don't resist us too much. We bring them in five days before they give birth, so that they can settle down, get comfortable where they are. Get that start, that protection feeling that they know they've got everything in front of them. All that we've done is said, ok, what does a hospital give for a mother at the point of giving birth?' Like I relate to my wife, we've had three children and the first time she went into the maternity ward, she was quite keen to get home. The second time she was happy to stay there a bit longer, 'cause the midwife would take her baby away and look after it and she could have a rest and be calm and not have to worry about all the normal things of life, because her primary focus was looking after her baby. And then by the time she had the third child, she was more than happy to stay there and was in no rush to come home. You know, we've emulated that, and said, 'hey this sow, really, her primary focus is looking after her babies and her newborn.' Here we go guys. Hi world! Look at that, I'm out! Open my eyes. Pretty cool isn't it? The ultimate world is if all of them had thirteen, and we weaned twelve. I think I'd be quite happy with that, but then I can still recall you know, not long after I started, we would've been… in a good week we'd wean ten. If we weaned ten now, we'd go broke. And this is what they see as their natural environment. So for somebody to come in and say This is not natural,' I do struggle with that. Like, I don't see the bars. I see the newborn piglet being protected and the mother being able to be looked after individually. As a farmer, I see the value in the bars and the benefits that they provide, that I'm comfortable with justifying that in my own mind. The eight sows in this room will produce the equivalent to a thousand lambs of meat a year. We do it through selective breeding. Like, the modern animal has more piglets than they have teats. And so what we do is foster piglets between sows so that they have the right amount of piglets for the right amount of teats. Don't tell us that we don't look after our animals. I don't know what the girls are thinking, but they don't demonstrate to me that they're too concerned about what we're doing to them. So therefore I respond saying, Hey, it can't be all bad!'

TONY	Come and have a look at our crusty old incubator room. Like a big wooden mother hen. The eggs first go into this part here, which is called the setter. Every two hours, it does this. Good for the eggs. Well, better for the chickens. Hot in there. Right, then they get transferred after candling, to make sure they're fertile. And look! And listen! Living things that weren't around before. Everything laid on. What a life. We've got breeding flock. We're breeding two hundred chickens a week from day one. Each morning, we go around collecting any eggs that have been laid on the floor. On a Wednesday, we take the eggs into the incubator. The egg going into the incubator is a bit like putting a seed into the ground and watering it. Once the humidity and temperature is right, things start to happen, which is how a mother hen can lay and egg a day, say for twelve days, and hatch them all on the same day. She doesn't start incubating them until she's happy the last egg is laid. So not as silly as they look. It's raining chickens. The funny thing really when you think about it, is they're actually paying for their own food because they create profit for us. Nobody on their backs? Prosper.

JILL	It was always the ambition. But to supplement the income of the huge debt that you go in with, to buy a farm, because the land's over-capitalised, you can't get enough production out to pay for the mortgage, so both Nigel and I had second jobs to finance ourselves into the farm. He's still a truck driver, so he helps when he can. And I joined the police force. Did years there, and that's what I did to pay off the farm. When I was a cop, yeah I'd get up at five o'clock, feed all the calves under lights and then go and shift the electric fence breaks for the cattle and that. I'd done half a day's work before I went to work. You know. Sometimes I'd do closer to nearly sixty hours on the police force, and then I had to come home and run a farm. I think it's probably an attitude ingrained in a rural background, and that's the way I was brought up. You know, I. I struggle with some of these ones that don't do anything, virtually, as I say, don't do anything and just. it's just a job to fill in time. And gone are the days when people stayed in jobs long-time and stuff like that, they swap and change around. And if they don't like it, oh I'll just go unemployed or find another job.' But then there's a lot of the farmer's sons don't want to go out farming now because they can earn more money sitting in an office behind a computer than they can out on the land and they just don't want to get their hands dirty. It's physical, manual work. They don't want to do that.

IAN	Everybody's got an opinion on pig farmers. Nobody has the same emotional or strong thoughts about sheep and beef farming. It doesn't create that extreme view, whereas pig farming does. We don't get invited to events because of our employment. Whereas a lawyer might, or an accountant might, or a bank manager might be invited to something because you're a lawyer or an accountant or a bank manager. Nobody goes sourcing a pig farmer to be involved in their. We're not a demanded profession. So we've run out of semen, and I've got two left to mate so the boys get to get their gear in. This guy's a bit more mature and he knows what it's all about. He's not big on foreplay, this one. See? We're here to do the bizzo. So he's in. Society wants us to produce meat cheaply. So we've created this ability to deliver. And as we've delivered more, the expectation becomes greater. So it's a snowball effect. You know, people don't want to wait. And a simple reflection on that is our phones, you know? Gone are the days when you're even happy to leave a message anymore. You want the answer now. And so equally, we want to be able to source the food that we want now and have it all year round, like I still vividly recall as a child, and most of my life, where we accepted that a certain amount of the food we consumed had a seasonal component to it. Largely, the generation we're feeding now don't have to think about you know, the seasonality of production of food, because it's globalised so much that we can just import it. If oranges aren't ripe in New Zealand right now, then we'll get them from California. And the thought of doing without something isn't a necessity anymore. Like they hate it don't they? It's cruel isn't it? Come on boy. Get in there. Get in there. Like there's a human component about these being cruel, but the sows don't reflect it. We don't have the animals saying, 'Hey look, these... we categorically dislike these things.' So from a farmer's perspective, yeah, when you try and describe what you've got here, or you visually come in and say, 'Shit, that looks cruel, they can't do anything', but the animals don't reflect that as being the issue. They've got food, water. They've got shelter, protection and all that sort of thing, and through this critical time in their life, it's actually what they're looking for. Isolation, and not stress. And yet we put in this perception that it's wrong.

JOSH	Hunting is the opposite of supermarket shopping, I guess. The shops aren't always stocked with food. The food's kind of hard to find. It's kind of like a treasure hunt, actually. It's seasonal. Sometimes it can take a day, it can take two days to shoot something. Sometimes I'll go for a week-long trip, so that's when I'll fill my freezer up. No deer. No deer yesterday. There's actually not much deer sign down here on the river flats. We're still a bit early in the springtime. The deer are still up probably around the seven, eight-hundred metre mark, and they haven't come down to the river flats to feed in the grass yet. I didn't even bother going for a look this morning, just because there's no there's no deer footprints and no deer sign here. So I think we're gonna have to go up higher, up to the tops to get some animals. I find that my senses become a lot more highly tuned to what's going on around me when I'm hunting. It is a great feeling, and it really triggers those human instincts, I guess, the hunter-gatherer instinct. Where you slow right down, the senses become very attuned to what's going on around you, which they need to be, because if you can imagine an animal living out here where there's no noise apart from the noise of the river and the noise of the rain. They hear everything. They see everything. And so, the human race, I think, we've become detuned to nature, because there's so much noise surrounding us all the time. And just being out here, in the bush, is a really fantastic feeling, and I'm forever telling people who are non-hunters that I take hunting to be quiet. To stop talking, to whisper. We kind of go into silence mode. 

JILL	Yeah, I guess I've always been outspoken. I've always done things. Haven't been scared of doing anything, and that's it. Yeah. There's no limits. There's certainly no limits on what a woman can do. And the district I grew up in, all the other kids around my age were all boys. I was the only girl. Made me used to the rough-n-tumble that you got, and yeah, I could fight dirty. I made no bones about that. And I could handle myself just as well as one of the jokers. Yep. And I guess I challenged everything, you know? Why are you doing it this way? I think back to my mother, she didn't do any of the… physically, stuff outside, or stuff like that. And that was the generation that I was brought up in. Before, there wasn't the opportunities for a female. It was a real male-dominant thing, you know. You go back forty years, fifty years, they wouldn't have employed a female shepherd. It was always brought up that you had to have strength, male strength, to do it. And yeah, nah that's not the case. You gotta work your way around that. A woman's way. You know, they're heavier than what I am. These ewes'd be eighty or ninety kilos. Come on, old girl. Now this one's easier this way, and I can just… they don't go anywhere, and I just sit on the opposite side. She's quite comfortable there, she's sitting there, and she's bloody well hunky-dory. I'll just transport her back up to home, 'cause and go get the motorbike trailer but it's just as quick this way, and she sits there and transport her to home till I put her in one of those pens up there and skin a lamb and mother a lamb onto her. Because this… yep, this is an older lamb. This lamb would be two weeks old. Unusual. Like, the cold hasn't killed this lamb. It's too old for that. And she's got plenty of milk, so it's just one of those as you said, like children and cot death, stuff like that, that's all it is. Because she's got a good bag of milk, she'll definitely get one of those lambs onto her, and go from there. 

TONY	There's a... Right well, we can shift out of that pen now I think, and go to the next pen. I think most farmers want the animals they're farming to prosper. You know, to thrive, to get a good product and a healthy product. If they're stupid enough to compromise the health of their flock or herd or whatever, then what's the point? We have done free range, but, once you're free ranging you need a huge amount of land. Chickens are like bulldozers and they will just totally clear out an area of land in no time flat. They're great destroyers. So, now all our birds are barn-ranged. I just think that people, a lot of people love animals. And they sort of think that the animals have the same plans that they have. You know, like what does that poor cow think about all day when it's standing in that paddock? Probably, cows probably don't think. Yes and... they seem, you know... they want to give the animals what they have. That's what they would love. You know. So yeah, you see a goat driving a car one day, you'll know they're getting their way. From day one, as soon as we started to get more and more birds, we had a very firm idea of just how much stock we wanted in any particular area. That they should be able to run around and do their thing. So yeah we're well underneath the limits we're allowed. So we have four hundred birds in each pen, but if I really wanted to do it to the legal limit, maybe twelve hundred. Yeah. Crazy.

IAN	Yeah, I think people don't fully understand how complex food production and consumption has become in this world. One of the things about pigs is that there's no seasonal component to our production. So we produce the same amount, fifty-two weeks a year, and because it's purely domestically consumed, we act as quite a good barometer on food consumption. We've got Christmas. Christmas is a unique time of year for us because there's a huge demand for one day, to eat hams. School holidays. School holidays we know in our industry is when people are out a lot more often with their kids, and so they eat a lot more fast food, and so we supply the same; demand drops. On top of that, there's a unique thing that happens to our industry: lotto. We can't sell pork while it's jackpotting. The demand for pork eases. And so people change their priorities from buying a high-quality protein that feeds their family, and they'll drop to a lower quality food source for the week, and buy an extra lotto ticket. And the snowball effect happens as it gets up higher and higher, there's more money spent on jackpots. It goes from winning five million, to winning ten million, and so therefore the excitement gets greater so you spend an extra twenty or thirty dollars that week on lotto tickets to to get the lifestyle that they've always dreamed about that is still a pipe dream, because the chances of winning, it's none. And so, then, the only way to feed the kids and all that sort of thing, OK, we'll just have pies this week' or 'We'll just have fast food.' The cheapest source of food that meets the needs of the kid. They don't know any different. And they actually haven't eaten a quality meal every day. And people don't see that in the short term. Long-term you see it, because nutritionally, people, you know, are eating less quality food, so the end result is the health of the country gets less. And we're seeing that in obesity, and we're seeing that in just the natural pressures on some of the health factors. OK, dudes! There's your new house.

JOSH	Oh, I don't want to spend my lifetime working for material posessions, I'd much rather do what I love doing and have the bare minimum, have the basics. But I guess I am a little bit concerned about my offspring, and the fact that in this modern day and age, all they seem to be concerned about is playing computers, new toys, Lego, Minecraft and all the rest of it. And I actively encourage them as much as I can to get out there and enjoy nature. And it's great to be able to teach them bushcraft, and teach them respect for the animal, and to give them these hunting skills. You know, I want to show them that it is possible to to live a fairly good life without having all the trimmings. But whenever we go shopping, either to the sports shop or to the supermarket, and my kids ask me to buy them a toy, I say, 'No, I'll buy you a tool or a weapon, but I won't buy you a toy.' Cause I don't think there's enough people out there hunting and walking around in the wilderness, tramping and whatnot, and fishing to be able to to hand those skills down from generation to generation. That number is declining, where it should be climbing. I think quite a few people are losing touch with basic skills. There're some people out there who don't even know how to light a fire. They wouldn't know where to start. They wouldn't know what to use as kindling. They probably know how to use a lighter, or a match, but that's about as far as it goes. And there's quite an amazing number of people out there who, without the aid of an accelerant, would not know how to light a fire. But that's human nature, right? Everyone wants stuff to come as easy as possible, nobody wants to go out and do the work for it, we just take take take take and we don't give anything back. I think when the resources run out, then we're going to look for alternatives. But until that happens, we're just going to keep driving our cars to work, keep buying meat from the supermarket, keep damming the rivers for more power. Ignorance is bliss, isn't it?

JILL	It's not what I'd consider an easy-care farm. Intensive farming as far as I was concerned is that I try to run it to the maximum capacity of what I can get out of it. And yeah, there's a lot of labour input into it. A lot of people I see think they're working hard but they're realistically not, they're just doing what's mundane. Like for me, you've got to put as much work into the farm to get money out of it. Yeah, I'm proud of what I do. You can't do a job well, you might as well not do it. The smell of the lamb is: the ewe goes by her own lamb by the smell on the skin. So you put this over the other lamb that you're going to mother her on to, you fool her by thinking it's her own lamb, and she takes it much quicker. An older ewe that'd lamb at this age, they've got used to it. Whereas a young lamb, they they haven't. You know, a freshly dead one that's been born dead, they don't sort of know too much about it. So, it'll be like an overcoat. Well, it's what my father used to call it down south. They used to 'have an overcoat on.' You might say it's the same, like in humans when a kid loses its parents, somebody else adopts it and it's in exactly the same way. Animal survival. Get that shit out of here lamb. I don't want to get shit on me. I'm just puttin' it over, like like putting a jersey on a kid. Basically. Get its front legs through the two holes. The only difference she's going to notice is that her lamb was actually a white one, whereas this is a little darkie. But she'll smell the skin, and hopefully take it a lot easier, because when they're older, it takes them a while. It's a bit harder to mother a lamb onto them. I cut a couple of holes in the legs, back of the legs there. C'mon lamb. Stand up for them! And there he is, with his new overcoat on, so he's all set to go back to his new mother. Even got the old tail on there. The skin's a wee bit big for him but it's near enough, and hopefully, in a day or so, she'll take it and I'll take the skin off and she'll think it's her own lamb. So we'll put him back, put him in to his new mother. Oh yeah, meet your new mother! Oh yes, you do want him, don't you now? This was a little twin that was just about dead about two days ago, that, I thought it was dead. I've got mum tied up there, so the lamb can actually get a feed without mum taking off, bolting off. And yeah, the thing is, probably the irony of it, is if she doesn't take a lamb, then she's off to the works. You know.

TONY	We don't have really a normal chicken farm. The chickens you buy down at the supermarket, they'd be lucky to be more than five weeks old before they met their maker. Where, our chickens were bred for egg laying. And then the Chinese market wants them killed at point of lay. And that's going to be sixteen, maybe seventeen weeks. So what you get out of that, is a different texture of meat, a different flavour. And it's what our market wants. So then they have to pay for the extra time it takes me to grow them to what they want. That means we have a niche market. We're happy with the volume we're putting through, in terms of our own financial survival. They want more. I mean, we could legally double the number of chickens we're doing, but we're not comfortable with what we would have to do to sell more chickens. The conditions would be terrible. So we, in fact, have fewer chickens than we're allowed. But we're happy with what we're doing. Obviously we want to make a living, but we're not trying to squeeze the last cent out of the system. Yeah.

JOSH	I don't know if the animal deserves to die because I've walked for kilometers and kilometers. I don't think that's the case, it's just a matter of… if I had to go to the supermarket to get something to eat, and the supermarket was ten kilometers away, I'd still walk there to get it. I wouldn't just sit there and starve. And the same goes for food on my table for my family. If I need to put in the hard yards to shoot the animal, I'll do it. Hunting, there's a goal there. I'm quite goal-driven. I never really understood mountaineers climbing to the top of the mountain just to put a flagpole in the top of the mountain and then climb down again. I'd climb to the top of a mountain, but only if there was something to shoot up there. There's purpose in hunting! There is. Yep, definitely hard-earned. For every successful hunt, I've probably had five hunts that've been unsuccessful. Sometimes more than that, sometimes I'll go on ten or twelve hunts before I finally shoot something. It's not a case of just walking into a forest on the side of a road and shooting an animal. I'm always going to new areas and finding new secret spots, which is good because animals go to different places at different times of year. So usually I can figure out where an animal's going to be at a certain time of year, which is pretty helpful cause for a fee, people can come and shoot those animals I guess, in a way, I've commercialized this kind of lifestyle.

IAN	It's an ongoing challenge with defending our right to farm our animals, defending what we do, defending how we do it. Now people say 'oh it's cruel to farm them' and all that sort of thing, but none of these pigs would've had a life if the humans didn't want to eat pork. So something that frustrates me is farmers spend all this time producing this food, and then you read about the amount of wastage that's in town from people that buy food and don't actually consume it. You know, there's some figures that are like  of food is actually wasted. It doesn't actually get consumed. Which from a farmer's point of view is pretty frustrating. You know, I produce four and a half thousand pigs every year, if I was thinking that sixteen hundred of them actually doesn't get consumed, that's horrendous to me. I've produced sixteen hundred pigs for no reason at all, if has been wasted. So the impact on the environment would be so significant. The amount of trucks on the road carting of the food that's never going to provide a nutrient value to a human, and then where that food gets carted away is waste. Like, we're very conscious that a percentage of it goes back through the food chain and back into animal production. But it's not an efficient way to produce pigs. You'd have been better off to have not wasted the food in the first place. I think more I'd like to see the purchasers of the food, our consumers, to maybe respect the effort that's gone into produce that efficiently for them, at a cost that they're comfortable with. And realise that it's actually at that point where some of our environmental catastrophes are being generated, because we're having to over-produce so that people can waste. And if you've chucked away eleven, seven, eleven pork sausages, it's yeah, that's a production I didn't have to make. That's to me... I've created the stress of the pen that is... But it's, yeah... That's kids. They're trying to sort their pecking order out in their social group now. And they're both big guys, and one thinks... No, they're both big girls. That makes it worse. They're saying g'day in their own wee way.

JILL	I've never shown fear, I've always been… It was never an issue. What's there to be fearful of? C'mon bullie, push on the gate! When I joined the police force in "WDs" as we were known in those days, were only meant for making cups of coffee and looking after kids. Well they had that all wrong, in a big way. And I probably had no inclination of it then, that women weren't treated as equal. It wasn't until you actually got out into the station that you realised that, hello! There was resentment here! That this was a male dominated area, and they were... They did not think too kindly of women. And yeah, I had a sergeant that was… women weren't allowed out, weren't supposed to be out on the streets after eleven o'clock. Well that soon changed. Post-haste. God, if you didn't stand up for yourself, yeah they'd walk over the top of you. I always rememeber, the sergeant he says, yeah    o'clock, you can come in now, off night-shift.' I says 'Nah, equal pay, equal equality. Sorry, see ya later.' He sort of scratched his head because they hadn't met a woman that was going to get into a scrap, and be the first in, and they were left standing and coming through the door last. Yeah, get out the way, I'm comin' in. End of story. Ohh, I'd hate to think how many I'd locked up. The year I was in Shannon, I locked up about a hundred and twenty in a year. I went to Shannon when no other cop would go down there. Males were too scared to go down there. They weren't going to go down there and attack the Nomads. Not when there's shots fired at them. It was hard, but I stood my ground and that was it. I was fair to everyone, as I said, it didn't matter what walk of life. And I didn't differentiate between race, colour or creed, or you know, wealth or poor or anything at all like that. Didn't make any difference to me. And I was fair too, whatever I did, they knew my rules and that was it. I would say in the last ten years, things have definitely changed. There's better opportunities, more and more females doing jobs now right throughout the world. So I'm not as much concerend about equality. I just worry about the next generation. They just don't know how to get outand do things. A classic example, with these community workers and things like that: when I got in there and I got them to build things, how many of them didn't know how to use a hammer and nails. Didn't have the hang of it because they'd never… To me, I was dumbfounded at that because when I was three and four, you'd bang a hammer and nails outside and if you hit your finger with the hammer, you learned to keep it out of the road! And they've just got no concept of doing anything because it's all press-button and computerised and end of story. Those horns are better, because they... He won't bleed, that little joker, because they're nice little ones. Those other ones, the big ones, might have to wipe him tomorrow morning, with a bit of water on the head bail and I'll get rid of the blood and then he'll be hunky-dory. Come on. 

TONY	We would raise birds for another business that did the actual processing. And then that crowd, they were going to go automated, which meant that the chickens would probably have the heads and feet cut off in our market the heads and feet are left on. So we bit the bullet, and started our own abattoir, which was quite a mission. We'd be creeping towards killing Yeah. That's our normal number now. One of the big, enormous places did ninety-five thousand in a day. Yeah so, slightly smaller operation. The crates go into the gasser. The birds are anaesthetised. They will be put in these cones, head first, unconscious. The carotid artery is slit, and the birds bleed out. They're put into the scalding tank. From there, they go into the plucker. They go through into the evisceration area. Two gentlemen remove the innards. From there, through the stainless steel chute and into the chilling tank. The birds are being weighed and bagged and cartoned, and all sold on Thursday morning. It's the reality of life, I mean, you have to eat to live. It's just a fact that we eat animals. And when you are killing them you do it as mercifully as possible. When you're looking for staff, I like to find people who are freshly retired. It's great. So you chat to them: 'How's life?' Oh, great, it's great being retired' And what are you doing to fill in your time?' Oh I'd love something to do.' Well, ha! Let me tell you something!' And you find yourself you've got some workers! Retired people are experienced, they're not likely to get pregnant, they would like something to distract themselves. And a little bit of extra cash doesn't hurt them. And they're more reliable than, say, young people can be, I've found. Although we've had some truly excellent younger people. But of course you don't have them for long. The better they are, the less you have them. 

JOSH	I've seen some animals. We'll just wait. We'll just stand here and see what they do. Stay there, you fuckers. They've all stopped on that knob, which if they stayed there, that'd be great. To get close enough for a shot, we kind of need to get up to at least the base of that hill, where all the snow is, at least to there. So yeah if we just, rig gear up I think and then we'll just slowly make our way over there. We'll probably have to go up and over the top. He's just there in that patch of snow. They're not too concerned. I don't think they've seen us. I'll get set up, and then smoke it.

IAN	Oh we look at it it as really efficient. The sows that we wean now will start mating on Friday morning. So I'll order a batch of semen today, once we've weaned, flick the order through and that'll come through Friday morning, and we'll start A.I. again Friday. So the ones that are weaned today will be back in pig by next Monday. Ready to do it all again. There's not too much mucking around. I don't actually think money is my sole driver. I've sort of built my life around, now, recognizing that money is the measure of having got it right. I've played a lot of sport and it's like the cup, the reward at the end of it. Whether it be a ninety-minute game of football, or an eighty-minute game of rugby, you make split decisions that influence whether you win or lose, and that's what we do     days in business. And so, I've got a drive to succeed, and to be the best that I can, but that doesn't matter whether I'm playing a trivial game that has no monetary… …the driver's identical. And in fact, if I think of my failures, my losses, it's where money wasn't involved that, affected me more than when money was involved. Life's a game and you play it to win. And I hope I don't portray arrogance in trying to win, but every time you go into a situation, why wouldn't you want to come out on top? And I apply that to my farm. If I've looked after my pigs right, or if I've predicted the weather conditions right, or the markets right, the net outcome is more money, but it wasn't the primary driver. It was to get the decision right. And there's other ways to make a lot more money, as you can see out there in the world, than farming.

JILL	Anything that looks bad, hits the headlines. Some people, they don't actually think it thoroughly through to the next stage, and without docking, then the lamb would get very daggy, or the sheep would get daggy and then we'd have an issue here in the summertime with flystrike, which is when the blowflies lay their eggs on them and then the maggots hatch and virtually, literally, eat the sheep alive. So... docking is the better of the two evils. Sometimes I think society would be better off in getting the human sector right, than actually preaching to some of the bloody farmers about, you know, what's right and what's wrong. Start in their own... You know, the human race has a lot to be desired over where things are. And I think if we actually put some farming practices into some of the human society, we wouldn't have half the issues that we've got today. And you've seen it, and as I said, you see the upbringing of the kids that's in these environments, you know. People that sniff and drink paint, and got a young baby that's three or four months old, she shouldn't…you know, they shouldn't be allowed to… That is totally wrong, while they're at that. You know, we treat our animals better than that, and those kids in an environment like that, they've got no hope to start with. And then half these people feed their kids fast food. And that, that's what I see with obesity and stuff like that. These kids aren't getting good wholesome milk and protein and fruit and stuff like that. They'd be a darn sight better off if they did.

TONY	When you're looking after animals, they sort of have to trust you, that you're going to feed them and do the right things. And so when you pop them on the truck, or in the crate to come down here, you're sort of moving in on that trust. Because you're organising something that they're not going to be too keen on, should they know about it. Most people, when they, you know you're at a party or something and 'What do you do?' 'Oh, we’ve got a chicken farm.' Oh, what sort of chicken farm?' Oh, we barn raise chickens.' Oh, for eggs?' No no, not for eggs, we barn raise them for their meat.' They say, 'ah... ah yeah.' You know. They're not... They... They don't say, 'how do you kill them?' or anything like that. I think a lot of people wouldn't want anything killed, but they'll still go down to the supermarket and buy their hygienically wrapped slabs of meat. They're distancing themselves from that unpleasant little moment. They don't see the animal alive. But it's just human nature, you know, not wanting to hurt. When we’re gathering chickens for the operating the next morning, we wait until the chickens are asleep, headlamp on your forehead, you can pick a chicken up and put it in a cage and it'd hardly wake up. Oh yeah, I feel bad. I'm picking this one to kill it. You sort of think, 'oh, I'm a Judas.' There's a nice one. Bad luck. 

REINDER	Tony came to see me twice, before I even started, he said, 'I run a chicken abattoir, it's a humane facility, as humane as it possibly can be.' In his opinion. Where he gasses the chickens, and I was supposed to go and work on the line, in various stations. It's not been very varied, but I figured that's how lines work. I was pretty sure I'd end up on the killing station. I took this job because it's a job. There was an opportunity, and I've always taken every opportunity I can get. It looks pretty gruesome when you see that for the first time, so yeah, I think I'm not as jaded as a lot of people that work in places like this. You know, it's not like every chicken that I touch I think, oh, I'm going to kill you,' but every time that I fill those ten chickens up in those funnels, I do think about the fact that there is another ten chickens that I'm going to be killing. So yeah. It weighs a little bit on my soul. Sometimes I have sleepless nights, close your eyes and see a bucket with little heads, and that stays with me through the night. Sometimes I don't go to sleep very easily. And I think everyone has different coping mechanisms. One guy has trouble with it as well. It's not that he has trouble with it, he doesn't talk about it, but he's talking too much about how tasty the bird looks and how he would love to eat it and how it's great food. And he does that for every single bird. And it's usually when it's particularly hot or particularly steamy, or you know, the stench is a little bit more than normal. He starts talking about how great this specific bird looks, I'd love to eat it, it's great for eating,' so I think he focuses on 'oh it's good food,' to get through that moment. And I think everyone has their own way. I'm not as eager to eat as much meat as I was before. It doesn't have to be gluttonous any more for me. I used to, for instance, eat a whole roasting fowl by myself, and I'm a little bit happier sharing that roasting fowl out among my family now, because I know what actually, you know, happened before that animal came to my plate. I don't think people should have to kill an animal as per se, but I think that, for a lot of people, they would waste less meat, and less animal products, and less things that, you know, in essence, have caused harm and suffering in the process of making it. They would waste a lot less if they had been faced with that reality.They're alive, and then afterwards they're dead. And it's not the end of the world, they were bred from the egg to be food, so in a way, they wouldn't have lived if people weren't going to eat them. But they're still alive. And it deserves that they have a little bit of concern. I didn't set myself a limit, like, after five thousand chickens, I'll walk away,' because you know if I did that, I'd pretty much have to be walking away around now, I think, looking back at it. For me, if you know, killing wouldn't bother me at all any more, if I started being that callous about, about things, like Aw, it's just meat,' I would walk away. Yeah. I would quit then.


JOSH	It's like a supermarket in a horror movie or something. There's no one in there. You go in and there's no one there. All right, just got to slit her up the guts. Pull its guts out. Very rewarding, yes. Very rewarding. This one's got a really nice skin, too. Keep the skin off this. It didn't even know we were there. One minute it was walking along on the side of the mountain, and the next thing, bang. Dead. Bit of a mess in there. Lung shot. I'm just checking its lungs now for any lesions or or nodules, which would indicate TB, but it appears to be in pretty healthy condition. And we don't eat the lungs. Scottish do, that's what they make haggis out of, but I'm not much of a lung guy. But the heart however, is also very good eating. That's its heart right there. Very very good eating, the heart. Once again, extremely good for you. Drain some of that blood out, there. Quite graphic, isn't it. I used to work in the freezing works, actually. In a slaughterhouse. It was depressing. There was just that smell of death, the feeling of death, the sound of death and it was a very, very depressing job. I did it for maybe four months and then I couldn't handle it anymore, I just… It was good money, and the work wasn't too bad, but... Yeah. Just the… Just being around that smell of death, all day and all night, it was a little bit depressing. I think it takes a while to get used to killing animals. I used to be quite sad, I can remember the first deer that I shot, I actually shed a few tears on the deer's behalf. It was extremely sad, and same with the first rabbit I shot when I was a kid. I can remember having a bit of a sniffle. But these days I've shot so many, I guess I'm conditioned to it and I'm not terribly sad about it. I mean, it is sad that the animal's no longer frolicking about in the hills, but the fact that I've now got lots of meat to take home and eat, kind of makes up for the sad part of it. Definitely outweighs the sad part of it.

JILL	Now, we're going to kill one of these smaller ones. I'm going to give porky pigs a bit f this milk, and one'll be having his last feed. As I said, I've got a big soft heart when it comes to watching animal films, I'll cry through some of them. I've got the soft heart there and that, yeah you know. I can bawl my eyes and then carry on going. And just go out and kill a sheep or a pig or whatever it is. But as I said, I'm a firm believer that when your number's up, your number's up. I think some people seeing death, they wouldn't eat meat, and they probably couldn't cope with it. But death's a fact of life. There's two sure things in life: you're born and you die. It's as simple as that. I guess my legacy earlier on was doing good for other people, doing good for the community, but now there's a lot more to achieve on the farm. Like being debt free, and then be able to go out and travel and stuff like that. I've got an interest for the rocky canyons, out in the open doors, not towns. I'd like to see the Calgary Stampede, and stuff like that. but on saying that, there's all the terrorism overseas, and I certainly don't think I want to be blown up out of the ruddy sky over there. Certainly if push come to shove and, you know, something happened like that on a plane, if you're going die, I'd make for bloody damn sure I'd go at having a crack at staying alive. I wouldn't be sitting back in my seat, put it that way. I'm gonna live as long as I can. Oh, I think the key to do that is to keep moving. I think as long as you get out and do things. It's when you're sitting on the couch and do nothing, that's when you die. So you keep going. I'll always be a farmer, and I'll always be here. No, I'd never go into a retirement home. You'll have to drag me out in a box first. You get to survive another day, porky pig! All right let's go. 


TONY	Actually I never think of my life in terms of success. I'm doing what I like to do. I'm not stuck in an office. I'm not in a factory. I'm very happy with who I am. I'm personally not too bothered with legacy. Like, remembered reputation, that's what I think of as legacy. Everything else is just material. I want to be remembered as a nice guy. You know. Somebody who didn't gossip about people, rip people off. Everybody I meet, I'd like to imagine, when we part, they feel that meeting was worthwhile. Yes I think if everybody's first object in life was to be nice to people they meet, we would probably lose our armies, navies, air forces. Most of the police force would go. They'd just become lost and found agents. That'd cure a lot of ills I think. I would love that, yeah. But it's also very big-headed thinking that if everybody did it my way, we'd be all right.

JOSH	I mean, I'm almost forty years of age, just turned thirty-nine not long ago, and I've chosen to do what I love doing, and what I'm passionate about, but yeah, no, I made that decision from quite an early age, to get away from the rat-race and not get hung up on money and all the rest of it. And I think I've sacrificed a lot to get where I am, and I'm still a little bit concerned about where the money's going to come from to pay the mortgage on a week-to-week basis, but it seems to work. I guess money is another necessary evil, and it's a hard one because no matter how much money you make, quite often, people still want more and more and more. I'd just be happy to be mortgage free, I guess, with the basic necessities in life. But then again, you know, we'll always want a a new benchtop, a new bathroom, a better shower. It's a bit of a vicious circle really, because you have to keep working, possibly working a job you don't like, to pay for stuff, for nice stuff, and then you want nicer stuff, and nicer stuff, and then you work harder to get a pay-rise to just get more nice stuff, and then all of a sudden, you're old, and you've got lots of free time and lots of money, but where's your life gone? So I'm quite happy to just chip along, doing what I do, bordering on the edge of being broke, but having a good time along the way, and I think that's really important. I might not have a lot of gold when I'm old, but I'll have a lot of really good stories.

IAN	From my perspective, for what I want out of my life, I can't think of too many things I would do different. I always walk from my house over to my farm with a grin on my face, saying, 'This is mine, I've built this, I've earned this.' So these pigs'd be going on five and a half months, so now it's that time, it's truck-ride day. They're not necessarily thinking about where they're going. Yeah, it's like all the kids that look forward to their bus ride, but they're not necessarily wanting to go to school each day, but they enjoy the ride. And the bus ride's the excitement. I don't know whether you become desensitised to it, but you become accepting of it, that that every living organism dies at some stage, and that's just part of the natural process of life and death. This truck and trailer load of pigs is going to turn into about eighteen tonne of meat, destined for consumers. Yeah, I don't think too much about where they're going. It's not what's going through my mind, but I do know the last few dollars what's on that truck. This is the finish line. Or when the cheque comes in the bank in a couple weeks' time is the finish line.In my lifetime, I've been involved in producing somewhere between fifteen and twenty thousand tonne of pig meat. So I've produced enough meat to feed a million people their annual requirement for pig meat for a year. Why wouldn't I be proud? And so, I would like to think I'm breeding the next generation of pig farmer, and it's pretty exciting to know that you've built something that your kids can take over from you one day. That's the ultimate reward I suppose. It's the epitome of what you've generated in your life, is providing that ultimate opportunity for the next generation to continue the legacy. So I'm looking forward to the day that they come back, my boys. Then the first thing would be doubling the size of our operation. If we double the size, we double the output. We go from four hundred tonne of pig meat a year to eight hundred tonne of pig meat, effectively, and all of a sudden we can feed forty thousand people a year. The thing is, people are always going to want to eat animals. So why wouldn't we be the guys to give it to them?
