
(PAWS)







Peter	Okay.

Madison	How are we getting in?

Peter	Actually, I'm not so sure.

Madison	You're not sure?

Peter	Well, I thought that by the time we made it I would've figured it out.

Madison	Yeah, okay. Let's figure this out.

Peter	All right, let's check the windows. Let's look around.

Madison	Where do you think the will is?

Peter	Not sure.

Madison	Are you sure you know what you're doing?

Peter	I'll have you know, I watched every single Scooby-Doo episode at least twice. This is what they'd exactly do.

Madison	You do realize that's a cartoon.

Peter	Doesn't mean it's not real. Let's go here. Wait, hold up. Come on. Go! Go! Go! Go!

Clyde	Who's ever down there, show yourself. We're armed.

Peter	Go! Go! Go! Go! Go!

Madison	Remind me when you come up with a brilliant idea, to pass.

Peter	I'm really sorry, Madison!

Madison	It's okay!

Peter	I'm super sorry.
 
Jackson	Good move, Peter. Oh, I bet I can do that. That a boy! Good move, Peter. Ouch, that's gonna leave a mark.

Peter	Jackson, come on, we gotta go! We're late! Dad's going to kills us.

Jackson	What? We just got here. Boy I hate it when he does this. Ah, boarding, it's the life. What? Never seen a skateboarding dog before? Peter, wait up! What's the rush? Ah, I'm tired, you butt. I'm gonna walk the rest of the way.

Peter	What are you doing?

Jackson	Hey, not as young as you. Dog years, remember?

Peter	Come on, boy, we're gonna be late. Let's go, Jackson, let's go!

Jackson	Okay, okay! I only have four paws. Yes, the coast is clear.

Peter	Come on, Jackson. Let's go, boy.

Jackson	Finally, time for lunch.

Peter	Let's go! We can't be late again.
 
Jackson	You got that right.

Peter	Yes, we beat dad home.
	
Connor	Peter! You're late. I told you not to be late again today.

Peter	Dad, I have a good excuse.

Connor	Put your gear down. Lunch is almost ready.

Peabody	Well, it's about time you got here,

Peter	Jackson. Sit on the couch or something.

Jackson	Ah, my favorite chair.

Connor	You always have an excuse and I don't wanna hear your excuses anymore.

Peter	But dad, I--
 
Jackson	Can't wait to hear what he comes up with this time.

Peabody	I expect you have something to do with Master Peter's tardiness. You're always getting him into some sort of travesty with you shenanigans.
	Skateboarding. Really, Jackson, when are you going to grow up?

Jackson	Wasn't my fault, Greeny. Peter was having fun and he lost track of time. And after what he's been through this last year, he needs to enjoy himself.
	And you consider that contraption to be fun? Perish the thought. I should never have let you watched that Downtown Abbey. Along with you accent, you've become a snob.
 
Peter	Hey, dad. Why do you always have a problem with me going to the skate park?

Jackson	If only his dad knew how much he likes skateboarding and how it helps him.

Peabody	We both know the real issue is he misses his mother. Yeah, Peabody, you're right about that. I don't wanna discuss it.

Peter	Just helps me get things off my mind.

Connor	Look, pal, I know it's been a tough year. I know you miss your mom. I miss her too. I guess what I'm trying to say is that I just wanna see my son once in awhile.

Peter	Okay, dad.

Connor	And remember, tomorrow we gotta go to the cemetery for the one year memorial service. Your Aunt Niki and Uncle George are gonna be picking us up.

Peter	Wait, why is Aunt Niki picking us up? Don't we have our own car?

Connor	Oh, right. Yeah, well the car is in the shop. It's getting a tuneup.

Jackson	You think his dad will come clean and tell the truth?

Peabody	Personally, I would have thought Master Peter would have realized for himself. With the stereo missing, along with the gym equipment.

Connor	So your Aunt Niki is going to come and pick us up. What? She's nice.

Jackson	She's always patting my head. What am I, a dog?

Peter	She pats me on the head like I'm a dog. I don't even do that to Jackson. Haven't you seen her? Do I really have to go?

Connor	Yes. I want you there, it's important. And you be nice to your Aunt Niki.

Peter	I'll be on my best behavior.

Connor	Thank you.

Jackson	Poor kid tries to cover it, but I know how much he's still hurting.

Peabody	His mother was a wonderful woman. She loved all animals. Thank goodness for us, you were one day away from, you know what. Luckily, when I was completely lost, I flew in her kitchen window.

Jackson	I'll never forget that day. And Peabody, you've been a pain ever since.
 
Peabody	Jackson, must we always bicker and fight?

Peter	Peanut butter and jelly sandwich? That's like the fourth time this week.

Connor	What? That's my specialty.

Peter	Come in.

Connor	Hey, Madison.

Peter	What's up?

Maidison	Want to do something? Got my bike.

Connor	Actually just made lunch. You wanna join us?

Peter	Wait, think this through. Only peanut butter and jelly sandwich.

Maidison	Sure. Thanks, Mr. Williams.

Connor	See, there's somebody who likes my sandwiches.

Jackson	Well, if it isn't the queen, gracing us with her presence.

Poodle	Don't bother to get up, peasant.

Poodie	When was the last time you had a bath? I can smell you from over here.

Peabody	Oh, children, must we? Jackson and Poodle Oh, shut up, Peabody.

Jackson	This game I so easy.

Poodle	I'd like to see you try it.

Jackson	Hey, I can skateboard.

Poodle	All you do is ride around on Madison's bike in a basket. As if. I have no idea what Peter sees in you.

Madison	You've been spending a lot of time in the skate park lately.

Peter	Yeah, working on my slides. What you been up to?

Madison	Riding my bike. You know.

Peter	Sorry about your dad.

Jackson	Oh no, oh no. This is not good. I hope she doesn't say what I think she's gonna say.

Poodle	She's not gonna say anything.

Madison	What about him?

Peabody	Oh dear, oh dear, oh dear. Abort! Abort! Abort!

Poodle	This is not going to end well. I just know it.

Madison	You know, his business.

Peabody	Jackson, bark you fool, bark! We need a distraction.

Peter	Wait, what are you talking about? My dad's the best private eye in town.

Madison	I know. It's just.
 
Jackson	Okay, fine. Ruff, ruff. How's that?

Madison	My mom told me he shut down his office and moved everything out.

Peabody	Too late. Can't you dogs do anything you're told? You just can't count on a canine.

Poodle	Speak for yourself. Dogs can do everything better than birds.

Peter	What? He would have told me something like that.

Madison	I'm so sorry, Peter. I thought you knew. Maybe I should just go home. Come on, Cleo.

Jackson	Now that he knows, I wonder what Pete's gonna do.
 
Peabody	He is a good boy. I'm sure he will think of something.
	
Connor	All right, kiddo. Let's get you ready for bed.

Peter	Dad, is everything all right?

Connor	Yeah, it's great. Why?

Peter	Madison said you closed down the office. Why would you do something like that and not tell me? I'm not a kid anymore.

Connor	I know. I should have told you. Business has been slow. Maybe my heart hasn't been in it. You know, ever since your mom. She was always the one that supported me.

Jackson	That went well, I think. What about you, Peabody?

Peabody	The best it could be. All things considered.

Peter	It's okay, dad. You just have to pic yourself up, dust yourself off and laugh about it. That's what mom would say, right?

Connor	You sure you're only 11? Your mom would be so proud of you.

Peter	Dad, what's debt? Or are we out of money? Is that why you sold the car and all the other stuff?

Connor	Peter, I don't want you to worry about that, okay buddy? Everything's going to be just fine. Okay?

Peter	Dad, I have an idea. Why don't you open the office back up in the garage? There's plenty of room there now that we don't have a car. I mean, I'll even help you clean up.

Jackson	Now that might be just the thing to do.

Peabody	The boy is such a clever lad. Thank goodness he takes after his mother.

Connor	You know, that's not a bad idea. That's not a bad idea at all. Actually, we have all the furniture here. I tell you what, why don't we get started in that tomorrow?

Peter	All right, yeah.

Connor	Ah! Right now, it is time for you, sir, to go to bed. Make sure to brush your teeth. I'll be back in a few minutes.

Peter	Jackson. Good night, boy.

Jackson	Peabody, I do think thinks at the Connor house just might turn around.
 
Peabody	Yes, indeed. But tomorrow will not be easy. Let's get some sleep.
	
Jackson	Oh, I hate to see Peter like this. He needs to get out and get back on his board.

Peabody	I agree. Going to the cemetery was not an easy thing for him to do.

Connor	Thank you so much for coming. It was really good to see you. Take care.

Aunt Niki	Thank you. George, honey, it's time to go. Connor, do you need any help cleaning up?

Connor	No, I think Peter and I can manage. It was really great to see you and George and catch up.
 
Aunt Niki	Today's service was just beautiful. There were over 50 people there. She had so many friends. And you, I can not believe how much you've grown, kiddo.

Jackson	And there it is.

Aunt Niki	 I really wish you would rethink George's offer to come and work for him.

Jackson	The famous Aunt Niki head pat. Ugh.

Aunt Niki	You and I both know that the P.I. business is just to fickle. You need security.

Jackson	Aunt Niki has no idea what Carol would have wanted. Connor, stay strong.

Aunt Niki	Think of Peter's future. It's what Carol would want.

Connor	Niki, I know you mean well. But to be honest with you, I can't. I really don't think Carol would've wanted me to. Look, things are going to pick up, okay? I promise. Come here. I love you.

Aunt Niki	I love you too.

Connor	Thanks for coming George, appreciate it. All right, little man, what do you say you and I start cleaning this place up?

Peter	Or not.

Connor	Okay. Then what do you say you and I start working on that garage idea of yours?

Peter	You're right, dad. Thinks will start to pick up. I just know it.

Connor	I hope you're right. You just know it.
 
Jackson	Boy, that was close. I thought Connor might actually take the offer. Woo.

Peabody	Not this bird. I knew things would work out. Connor loves being a private investigator and he is very good at it. Peter's mother knew he loved doing itand that is why she supported him.
	
Connor	Oh man, what a mess.

Peter	Yeah.

Connor	Where do you think we should get started?

Peter	I'll take the mower.

Connor	Okay. I will take the TV.

Peter	All right.
 
Connor and Peter	Sound good? Yeah.

Connor	Lets get started. It's not bad for a garage-slash-office, huh?

Peter	Dad, this is temporary. You're gonna be back into a normal office in no time.

Connor	You know, I hope you're right. Oh. Check out my new flier. What do you think?

Peter	I love it. How about you? How about you, Jackson? Do you like that?

Connor	You like it, Jack?

Peter	Ah, he loves it.
 
Jackson	I hope so. Connor stinks at advertising.

Peabody	Yes, Carol was the smart one. Taking out all those ads.

Jackson	It's funny, Connor never caught on. Carol wanted him to think he did it all himself.

Peabody	That was her was of doing things.

Connor	Yeah, okay. Not bad.

Peter	Come on, Jackson, let's go.

Peabody	This time, Connor is going to need a little extra help and I know just what Carol would do. Now, to get Jackson on board with the idea.
	
Jackson	All right, we have to do something now.
 
Peabody	Don't worry, my canine friend. I have a plan.

Jackson	You think this plan of yours is gonna work?

Peabody	Of course it will.

Jackson	Oh, smart guy. When did you learn how to type?

Peabody	 Actually, it's quite easy. I pay attention. You should try it sometime. And, in this case, claws beat paws.

Jackson	Hey, watch it feathers.

Peabody	Now, it's time to get these fliers distributed. Off I go.
	
Jackson	Hey, take a flier. Check it out.

Peabody	Here they come, falling from the sky.

Jackson	Kid, get off your phone and try reading.

Peabody	Fliers for everyone. This is actually fun.

Jackson	I'm exhausted. This better bring in some business.

Peabody	I do hope they get some business for Conner or Conner and Peter will be out on the street and that means us as well.

Jackson	I hear that.
 	
Katherine	(knocking)
	
Connor	Okay, okay. I'm coming. I'm coming. I'm coming. I'm coming.

Katherine	Connor Williams?

Connor	Yeah. Yeah, hi, please.

Katherine	Good morning, Katherine Worthington.

Connor	Please come in. Have a seat. How can I help you, Miss Worthington?

Katherine	Mr. Williams, you're my last hope.

Connor	Well I'm flattered to be your last hope.

Katherine	No, I didn't mean it that way. I came in as soon as I could.

Peabody	I see she has one of our fliers. I wonder what she needs investigated. She certainly is attractive.

Connor	Well, how can I help you?

Katherine	My name's Katherine, Katherine	Katherine Worthington?

Connor	You mean, like Worthington's that own half of this town?

Katherine	In fact, I know that's the reason no one will take my case. Will you?
 
Connor	That depends. What's the case?

Katherine	This is about a death.

Peabody	Death? Oh my goodness.

Connor	You talking about murder?

Katherine	My great Aunt Sally passed away recently. She was in her 90s.

Connor	I'm sorry.

Katherine	Thank you. The problem is the will. I know it's been changed or switched without my aunt's knowledge.

Connor	So I take it you were expecting to inherit a lot of money from your aunt and she wound up leaving you nothing.

Katherine	This isn't about money. This is about what's right. At the reading of the will, I was shocked to learn that Uncle Forest had been left everything. I know that's not what my aunt wanted. She never trusted Forrest. He's a crook.

Jackson	Now this sounds interesting and she's a looker.

Katherine	She told she hid a copy of the original will inside the mansion, but my uncle won't allow me in. Everyone in this town is afraid of my uncle. Are you? I don't know what else I can do. You're my only hope.

Connor	Okay. We have to be smart about this. Do you have any idea where your aunt hid the will?

Katherine	Unfortunately, no.

Connor	Look, I can't promise anything.
 
Katherine	I know, that's okay. Is five thousand enough to get you started?

Jackson	Five grand? That'll come in handy. You know how many tennis balls I could buy?

Connor	Yes. That's great.

Katherine	Thank you Mr. Williams. Please be careful. My uncle isn't one to be trusted.

Connor	Please call me Connor and I'll be in touch as soon as I hear anything at all.

Katherine	Thank you.

Connor	You got it. Bye, bye.

Peter	Who was that?

Connor	That was my new client.
 
Peter	Seriously? Yeah.

Connor	Just keep your fingers crossed I can help her out.

Peter	See dad, I told you things would get better.

Connor	You were right, pal. Come on.

Peter	Come on, Jackson. Let's go, buddy. Let's go.
	
Peabody	I've got to discuss this with Jackson. It's not going to be easy.

Jackson	What's the problem? This is an open and shut case for Connor.

Peabody	Jackson, you should try watching the news for once instead of gallivanting about on your skateboard. Connor is going up against the richest, most powerful man in town.
 	
Connor	Hey Peter, I'll be right back.
		
Clyde	What do you want?

Connor	Hi, my name is Connor Williams. I'd like to talk to Mr. Worthington, please.

Clyde	Yous and everybody else in this town. What do you want with Mr. Worthington?

Connor	Could you let him know that I'm a friend of his niece, Katherine?

Clyde	Wait here. Follow me. Don't touch nothing.
	
Connor	Nice day out.

Morris	I don't know nothing about that.

Clyde	You don't know nothing about what?

Morris	The weather. He's asking me about the weather.

Connor	Just making small talk.

Clyde	Well don't. Let's go. Here he is, boss.

Mr. Worthington	Ah. I understand you know my niece.

Connor	Yes, sir.
 
Mr. Worthington	And this would concern me how?

Connor	Katherine came to me concerning her great Aunt Sally's will. You see, I'm a private investigator and she's asked me to look into the matter. She has reason to believe that the will is a fake.

Mr. Worthington	Well, I knew she would eventually find somebody to believe her story. She can be quite convincing, I can tell you. Katherine is persistent. I'll give her that. But she's also quite delusional.

Connor	Based on the fact that her great aunt promised her the property and this house, she feels that the will was changed or altered.

Mr. Worthington	Mr. Williams, I think you need to drop this investigation. You see, my aunt really wasn't in her right mind at the end, but I assure you there's been no tampering with any will. What you're dealing with here is just a bitter young lady who feels betrayed.

Connor	Is there any proof that your great aunt was not of sound mind?

Mr. Worthington	Good day, Mr. Williams.	 Clyde, show Mr. Williams out.

Clyde	If you're smart, you'll listen to Mr. Worthington.

Connor	I'm not done with Mr. Worthington.

Clyde	If not for yourself, for your son.

Connor	What do you know about my son?

Clyde	Mr. Worthington makes it his business to know everything that goes on in this town. Remember that. Stay away from Mr. Worthington.
	
Katherine	Has she been eating?

Vet Tech	She's eating good.

Katherine	Okay, does she have a temperature?

Vet Tech	It was normal, 101.1.

Katherine	Sorry. Hello?

Connor	Dr. Worthington. Hey, it's Connor Williams.

Katherine	Did you speak with my uncle?

Connor	I did. You know, I'd rather talk to you about this, if I could, face to face.

Jackson	I don't like this. Connor looks upset. My guess is this is not good.

Katherine	Is everything all right? Did you find out anything?

Connor	Just as soon as you can get here.

Katherine	Okay. I'll be right there. Thanks.
	
Clyde	Take care of that.
Mr. Worthington	Clyde.

Clyde	What? Sorry, boss.

Mr. Worthington	Okay, first stop's going to be the mayor's office, then I want to go to the construction site. I got to make sure that all those squatters have been evicted and are out of my buildings. I hate when people, you tell them legally they gotta move and they refuse. I don't understand these people.

Clyde	Boss. Some of them people have lived and worked there their entire lives. You just threw them out like garbage. Even made me drop my own grand mama. And that was not easy to do. That woman's stronger than she looks. I still got bruises to prove it.

Mr. Worthington	I pay you to do a job, Clyde. Your family issues are not my concern.

Clyde	But it was yous who told me to throw her out.

Mr. Worthington	And your point would be?

Clyde	I'm sorry Mr. Worthington, nothing. Hey, why do we need to go to the mayor's?

Mr. Worthington	Not that it's any of your business. I've got to make sure that every detail of my plans are in place. I've got too much money and time invested in this venture to have something happen now.

Clyde	What can happen now?

Mr. Worthington	Are you forgetting our little visit from that idiot P.I. that my niece hired? Who did he think he is coming into my house, snooping around, questioning me like an interrogator? I think my niece, Katherine, must be losing her mind. You know, I should probably have my doctor check on her mental state. She might need the help of a psychiatrist. Or better yet.

Clyde	What?

Mr. Worthington	We could have her committed. For all good, of course. That would get her out of my hair permanently. Walking around, miss high and mighty, like she's better than everybody else. She's nothing but a pest.

Clyde	You got that right. Must be hard being yous.

Mr. Worthington	Clyde.  You have no idea.

Peter	Hey dad, everything okay?

Connor	Yeah, yeah, buddy. Everything's fine. Hey, Jacks. Did you get your homework finished?

Peter	Yeah, I'm starving, dad. When can we eat?

Connor	You know what, I'll tell you what, why don't you go inside and get yourself ready and I'll fix you something to eat in a few minutes. I need to see this client, okay?

Peter	All right. Come on, Jackson.

Connor	Katherine, I'm so sorry to make you come over here.

Katherine	What happened?

Connor	I had a conversation with your uncle today.

Katherine	Let me guess, he denied everything?

Connor	Not exactly. He took me to his study and basically told me that I need to drop this case or else.

Katherine	Well, I'm not surprised.
 
Connor	Look Katherine, I just wanted to let you know that while I was in the office I saw on the bookshelf one of those false books that you can hide things in.

Katherine	Do you think that's where she hid the will?

Connor	It's possible. But see, the thing is that I can't get in there to find out. I'm sorry to tell you, I'm gonna have to drop your case.

Connor	And I would highly recommend that you do the same.

Katherine	I'm not afraid of my uncle. And I refuse to be bullied by him.

Connor	Katherine, please.

Katherine	Thank you for trying.

Connor	I'm so sorry, Katherine. I don't know about this P.I. thing, pal.

Peabody	Who does this Worthington fellow think he is? He must have said something terrible to get Connor to drop the case.

Jackson	I agree. We have to do something.

Peabody	Well, it would help if I knew what we were looking for.

Jackson	Anything to do with this Worthington guy.

Peter	We have to do something. Peabody, how?

Peabody	It's easy, once you get the hang of it.

Peter	We have to find that will. It must be somewhere in the study.

Jackson	Wow, I am impressed with your computer skills, Peabody. Where'd you learn to do it?

Peabody	Oh, I have all sorts of hidden talents.
 
Peter	We need to help my dad, but we need a little bit more manpower.

Peabody	This might actually be fun.

Jackson	You can say that again. But the most important thing is to keep Peter safe.

Peter	I need your help. Cool. See you in ten. Come on, Jackson.
	
Jackson	Hey, Cleo. How you doing in your basket? Aren't you afraid you might get your nails dirty?

Cleo	As if. Jackson, your are such a bore sometimes. Why are we not doing this during the day?
 
Jackson	I trust Peter. He's smart. He has a plan.
	
Cleo	This place is creepy.

Madison	Just how do you think we're going to sneak into a mansion?

Peter	Don't worry, I have a plan.

Cleo	Great. Peter has a plan. He's a kid. What kind of plan can he have? You're a fool if you go alone with this?

Jackson	We have to do it for Connor. I would suggest you tag along, but I'm sure you have a nail appointment.

Cleo	Whether I go or not has nothing to do with you. If you think I'd leave Madison's safety in your hands you're even dumber than I thought.

Peabody	Oh please, you two, stop bickering. If this plan is going to work, we need to be united. At least try to get along.

Cleo	He's, like, impossible.

Madison	I'd feel better if I knew the plan.

Peter	Come on. Let's go.

Cleo	Let's go, Jackson.

Madison	Stealthy ninja. I wonder what those kids are up to. Okay. So how are we getting in?

Peter	Actually, I'm not so sure.

Madison	You're not sure?

Peter	Well, I thought by the time we made it I would have figured it out.

Cleo	Well isn't this just great?

Jackson	Give Peter a little time. He'll figure this out.

Cleo	Sure, if we're not all eaten by wild animals or arrested for trespassing.

Peabody	Please, will you both try to remain positive?

Peter	I just want to help my dad solve this case.

Madison	Yeah. Okay.

Peter	Let's figure this out. All right, let's check the window.

Roscoe	Hey, my name's Roscoe. What's your name?

Jackson	I'm Jackson. Oh yeah and she's Cleo.

Roscoe	I've been living here for awhile. This nice old lady was taking care of me. Now she's gone and these two tough guys keep me tied up in the back.

Jackson	I hate to tell you this, but the nice lady died and now we've gotta find a way to get inside the house.

Roscoe	Oh, I just might be able to help. The side door is usually unlocked.

Jackson	Thanks, buddy. Sorry for your loss.

Madison	Oh no, the poor boy. You must be starving.

Peter	Jackson, what are you doing? Stop, you're gonna get us caught.

Roscoe	Well, hello there. Now that we're alone, what's your name, beautiful?
 
Cloe	Stop right there. You did your good deed for the day, why don't we just leave it at that?

Roscoe	Oh, playing hard to get. I like that.

Cloe	When was the last time you took a bath?

Roscoe	Does rain count?

Cloe	In your case, no.

Roscoe	I hope they don't trip the alarm system.

Cloe	Alarm system? You idiot! Madison better be all right!
	
Peter	How'd you know, Jackson?

Jackson	Roscoe was right. The door was unlocked.
 
Peter	Let's look around.

Madison	Where do you think the will is?

Peter	Not sure.

Madison	Are you sure you know what you're doing?

Peter	I'll have you know, I watched every single Scooby-Doo episode This is what they'd exactly do.

Madison	You do realize that's a cartoon.

Peter	Doesn't mean it's not real. Let's go here. Wait, hold up. Go! Go! Go! Go! Go!
	
Clyde	Who's ever down there, show yourself. We're armed!

Morris	Clyde, not armed. The guns are in the study downstairs.

Clyde	Shut up. Who's ever down there doesn't know that. Come on.

Peter	Go! Go! Go! Go! Go!

Roscoe	That didn't go well.
	
Morris	Sorry.

Clyde	Watch where you're going!
 
Morris	Ever since you started that diet you're not easy to see.

Clyde	Well, I've...Wonder if it was the P.I. guy from today. In fact, I'm gonna call it in. I'm gonna tell them it was that P.I. guy.

Morris	But Clyde, there was no break-in. We didn't see anyone. Maybe the alarms just went off. Oh, I get it. Boss, use my phone.

Peabody	Good heavens. Oh those lying buffoons. I must report this to Jackson without delay.

Clyde	Yeah there was a break-in at Forrest's place. Okay.

Morris	Can I have my phone, Clyde? Clyde? Clyde?
	
Madison	Remind me when you come up with a brilliant idea to pass.

Peter	I'm really sorry, Madison.

Madison	It's okay.

Peter	I'm super sorry!
	
Roscoe	Guess maybe I shoulda mentioned that alarm after all. I hope they come back. Especially that Cleo. She is a looker. Not sure about the attitude though.

Peter	That was close.
 
Madison	Peter, did you see those guys on the porch? They looked really mean and super mad.

Peter	I didn't see anyone. Are you sure your saw anyone?

Madison	Yes, I saw them. This was a crazy idea from the start. We could've gotten hurt. I think those guys even had guns.

Peter	Let's go to your place and figure out our next move.

Madison	Come on, girl.

Peter	That was actually kinda fun.

Madison	Fun? How was that fun? We almost got caught. Do you know what might have happened? We could all get grounded or worse, go to jail.

Peter	That was just the first time. I'll have a new plan by tomorrow.

Madison	Peter, I'm so tired of your plans. They always go wrong. This time was the worst. I'm done.

Peter	Madison, nothing really happened. It'll be better next time. I promise.

Madison	Next time. There will be no next time. I can not get into any more trouble. So I don't think we should hang out anymore.

Peter	Madison, we're friends and friends stick together. Right? No more crazy plans.

Madison	Bye, Peter. Just go home.
	
Jackson	Things have gone from bad to worse.

Peabody	Indeed. We may have reached DEFCON one. I overheard those two goons talking. They called the police and reported a break-in. Even said things were stolen. But worst of all, they're going to blame Connor.

Jackson	The police will never believe that story. Who could that be?
 
Connor	Okay, okay. I'm coming. Keep your pants on.

Jim	Are you Connor Williams?

Connor	Yes I am.

Jim	I'm Detective Harris. This is my partner, Detective Brown. We need to ask you a couple questions about a break-in that occurred last night at the Worthington mansion.

Connor	Um... Yeah, sure. Come on in.

Wanda	Where were you last night between the hours of 6 and 7 PM?

Connor	I was making dinner.

Wanda	Can anyone verify that?

Connor	No. My son was playing with his friend. I was home alone.
 
Jackson	Peabody, you're right. The police are here, questioning Connor.

Jim	Mr. Williams, we have eye-witness statements that claim that you were at the Worthington mansion at that time.

Connor	That's impossible because like I told you, nobody could have seen me there. I was here.

Jim	I'm sorry, sir, but if nobody can verify that you're gonna have to come with us for further questioning.

Connor	Am I being arrested?

Wanda	No, sir, not at this time. We just need to ask you a few more questions.

Connor	Hey Peter, could you come here? Hey bud, listen. I need to go with these detectives to Do you mind just hanging out here for an hour until I get back?

Peter	Sure, yeah.

Connor	Okay, great. Do you mind if I change my clothes first?

Wanda	Sure.

Connor	Thanks. I'll be right back.
	
Wanda	Jim, did you really have to call backup to take that guy in? That's kind of overkill, isn't it?

Jim	Like I said, they come in all shapes and sizes. Plus, I think we need to  make an example of this one. What do you mean by example? You and I both know that Forrest Worthington's the most important man in this town. Look at the mall he's building and all the people he's putting to work.
 
Wanda	Yeah but I also heard he can't be trusted. I mean, look at our two witnesses. They're two of his guys.

Jim	This guy's guilty. Drop it. He's coming in right now. Absolutely, I'll let him know, sir. Bye. Thanks. You're a lucky man, Mr. Williams. Mr. Worthington decided not to press charges.

Connor	Considering you have no evidence, I would assume not.

Jim	Don't kid yourself. Forrest could make things very difficult for you.

Connor	Forest, huh?
 
Jim	Didn't know you were on a first name basis. Mr. Worthington is a very influential man in this town. Do yourself a favor. Stay away from Mr. Worthington and his property. Next time, you won't be so lucky.

Connor	Is that a warning or a threat?

Jim	Just a friendly observation. I'm done. Get him out of here. No sir. He just left.

Peabody	This is poppycock. They haven't a shred of evidence against him.

Jim	Nah, he won't give you any more trouble. Of course, anything we can do to help, Forrest.

Peabody	Idiot.
 
Wanda	So you think he's gonna take your advice and let this one go?

Jim	He better. Or he'll find out how not nice Forrest can be.

Wanda	Jim, I wouldn't be so sure.
	
Jackson	I bet I could do that.
		
Forrest	Clyde. You realize in just a few short days, this entire block is gonna be leveled. Then we're gonna start construction of the Worthington Mall. You know, used to play here as a kid. Good memories.

Clyde	Don't think my grand mama is ever going to forgive me. What if she won't invite me to Christmas? She's still steamed we threw her out.

Forrest	We? You're the one that threw her out. I still expect my fruitcake. Oh, come on. A couple of days she'll forget all about it. Just makes sure she gets some extra pudding.

Clyde	You know, I'm not so sure about that. She might be 101, but that woman has a mind like a steel trap.

Cindy	Good morning, Doc.

Katherine	Good morning, Cindy.

Cindy	I can hear the gang in the back. You know, they always seem to know the minute you walk in the front door.

Katherine	How's the food situation?

Cindy	It's okay. We're good for another week or so.

Katherine	Okay. Thank you.

Cindy	What happened with the P.I.?

Katherine	Nothing. My uncle scared him off.

Cindy	What about the animals?

Katherine	I'm not giving up hope yet.

Cindy	Something good will happen. I know it will.

Reporter	I am standing outside the home of Connor Williams, who has been accused of breaking and entering Forrest Worthington's home late last night while Mr. Worthington was away. A source revealed Connor Williams threatened Mr. Worthington yesterday.

Katherine	That's ridiculous.

Cindy	Do you know him?

Katherine	Yeah, that's the P.I. He would never break into my uncle's house and steal anything. At least, I don't think he would.

Cindy	You forgot to mention he was cute.
 
Katherine	Really? I hadn't noticed.

Cindy	Yeah right.

Reporter	In other news, the new small town mall has hit yet another setback. Sources close to the project reveal the the builders have been forced to shut down construction due to a lack on commercially zones land to build the needed parking structure. And to you, Bill, for more breaking news.

Cindy	Did you hear that? They don't have enough land to build a parking lot. This is great. We won't have to move.

Katherine	Can you cover me? There's something I gotta do.

Cindy	Is everything okay, Doc?

Katherine	Hopefully.

Cindy	Do you want me to cancel your appointments?

Katherine	Please, thank you.
 
Cloe	Great, if we're going to his house, I hope he's not home. He is, like, such a bore.
	
Peter	Always missing that one. Dang. Hey.

Jackson	Wonder what she's gonna say. Maybe her coming here is a good sign.

Peter	What's up?

Madison	Saw the news about your dad. What're you gonna do?
 
Peter	I don't know. I feel bad enough. I'm here to help you

Madison	come up with another plan. We need to get that will and clear your dad.

Peter	Wait, you wanna help me?

Madison	Yeah, that's what friends do, Peter. They help each other.

Jackson	I like the way this girl thinks.

Cloe	Not what I was expecting her to say. Really? Back to the scene of the crime? Do you think the mutt will still be there?

Jackson	You mean, Roscoe? What do you have against him?

Cloe	He's, like, so uncouth. No manners.

Jackson	Do I detect a note of interest?

Cloe	As if. My only interest is to not see him again.

Peter	Madison, thanks for believing in me.

Madison	Let's think up a new plan.

Jackson	I agree. Let's do this.
	

Peabody	So, how was today?

Jackson	Okay. Madison came and saw Peter. She told him she wants to try again and get the will.

Peabody	You guys on board?

Cloe	Well, I guess I could probably tag along.

Peabody	In case you guys need backup.

Jackson	Who are you kidding? You just want to see Roscoe.

Peabody	Oh, what have I missed?

Cloe	Nothing. Jackson is just being his normal, obnoxious self. There is absolutely nothing going on between me and that mutt.

Peabody	Methinks the lady doth protest too much.

Jackson	Say what?

Peabody	It would seem opposites do attract.

Cloe	Oh my god, you guys are both crazy. There is nothing going on between Roscoe and I.

Peabody	Cleo, I apologize. Please, we have important things to discuss.

Cloe	This better be good.

Peabody	Well, while you two were playing today I was busy collecting information at the

Cloe	Long story short.

Peabody	I believe those two coppers are on the take. So no one is to be trusted, especially the one they call Jim.
	
Forrest	I told you, you need to handle this situation.

Major	There have been a few setbacks. Some of the people just won't move.

Clyde	I already told you, there's nothing I can do.

Grandmama	Clyde, I can not believe what you're doing.

Forrest	I am tired of listening to your excuses. Now I need those people out of there.  I need them out today. Now you handle this.

Major	I understand. I will deal with things. But I know a lot of these people. Some even voted for me.
 
Clyde	Grand mama, I work for Mr. Worthington. If he tells me I gotta throw your out, I gotta throw you out.

Grandmama	 Do you not love me?

Clyde	Yes, I love you. This I business.

Forrest	That is not my problem. I don't let my personal feelings interfere with my business decisions. I would think that would be clear with the way I handled my aunt and my niece.

Clyde	Wasn't personal.

Grandmama	You just wait till I tell you mother.

Clyde	Does this mean I'm not gonna get my five dollars in my birthday card?

Grandmama	I used to change your diapers.

Clyde	Boy, grand mama, that was harsh.

Forrest	You get this done or there will be consequences. I promise you. I put you in that office, I can take you out.

Grandmama	I will not tolerate your behavior. You know you will have the family to report to.

Clyde	Grand mama, did you tell Uncle Bill he's also gonna have to move as well? Hello?
	
Peter	Ha, killed you. Oh, prestige four.
	
Connor	Yeah, hold on. Guys, here's some lemonade if you want some. Be right back.
	
Reporter	Mr. Williams, did you really break into the Worthington mansion? What were you looking for? What's your grudge against the Worthington family? What's your grudge against the Worthington family?

Connor	Go away. Leave us alone. Peter, whatever you do, don't answer the door. I swear to God, if you're another one of those reporters, I'm gonna punch you in the face. Katherine! Hey, what are you doing here?

Katherine	I saw on the news you'd been arrested. I wanted to make sure you were okay.

Connor	Oh no, I wasn't arrested. This is all my fault. Should've never asked you to help me.
	
Madison	Who's she?

Peter	She's the reason why we broke into the mansion.

Madison	She's pretty.

Peter	Yeah, I guess so.

Madison	I think your dad thinks she is.

Peter	No he doesn't.
	
Katherine	I just thought perhaps you tried going in to get the will.

Connor	No, though now I wish I would have. Just who does your uncle think he is anyway?

Katherine	Richest man in town.

Connor	Would you like to come in?
 
Katherine	Okay.
	
Connor	I just made a fresh pitcher of lemonade.

Katherine	Oh, I love lemonade.

Connor	Me too. Would you like to stay and have a glass with me?

Katherine	Sounds real nice, but I can't.

Connor	Oh.

Katherine	I mean, I want to. It's just there's someone I need to see.

Connor	Your uncle.

Katherine	He needs to know he can't treat people like that.

Connor	Katherine, it's not worth it. Really, just let it go.

Katherine	Is Mrs. Williams home?

Connor	No. My wife... She passed away about a year ago.
 
Katherine	Oh, I am so sorry.

Connor	It's okay.

Katherine	You know what, I think I change my mind about that lemonade.

Connor	Come on in. Let me introduce you to the kids. This is Peter and his good friend, Madison. Guys, this is Katherine Worthington.

Katherine	Hi.

Connor	That over there, that's Jackson

Katherine	and Mr. Peabody.

Jackson	Wow. She's even prettier up close.

Peabody	Down boy.

Jackson	You can pat my head anytime.

Connor	Let me get you that lemonade.
 
Katherine	I'm so sorry.

Connor	I am such a klutz.

Katherine	Me too.

Connor	You know, I can make another pitcher.

Katherine	That's all right. Another time. I should get going.

Connor	I'll walk you out.

Katherine	Nice to meet you guys.

Madison	Told you they liked each other.

Peter	You're nuts.

Madison	A woman knows these things.

Peter	I'm not listening to you.
	
Connor	I'm really sorry I couldn't help you find the will.

Katherine	It's all right. You've got your family to think about.

Connor	So what are you gonna do with all the other dogs?

Katherine	Hopefully find them homes. You guys don't want another dog, do you?

Connor	You don't think he understands what you said, do you?

Katherine	Of course he did. Animals are much smarter than we give them credit for.

Connor	That's true.

Katherine	I should get going. You're a good man, Connor. That's hard to find in this town. I'll see you around?

Connor	Yeah, definitely. Promise me you'll stay away from your uncle.

Katherine	I promise.

Peter	Oh, hey dad. She seems pretty cool. Do you ever think you're gonna see her again?
Connor	I don't think so, son, why?
 
Peter	No reason. Told you. You got me with the frag.

Morris	Miss Katherine. I thought Mr. Worthington said you can't come around here no more.

Katherine	I need to see my uncle. Now!
	
Morris	Well, he's not available. I don't care.
	
Katherine	Get out of my way.

Clyde	I'm sorry, I got my orders.

Morris	Boss. Yeah, sorry, I get you. Sorry.

Forrest	Katherine. Darling, it is wonderful to see you. My goodness, you even make medical scrubs look regal. To what do I owe this honor?

Katherine	We need to talk.

Forrest	Where are your manners? No "hello uncle," no kiss on the cheek? My goodness. If I didn't know better, I'd think you been raised in a barn.
 
Katherine	Uncle Forrest, how do you live with yourself? I saw the sign. What are you up to?

Forrest	Well, I thought that would be obvious, sweetie, as old as this place is.

Katherine	There's nothing wrong with this place.

Forrest	Oh, sweet, precious Katherine. You naive child. Look around you. This place is ancient. The property is worth much more with the house torn down.

Katherine	Oh no. You can not tear it down.

Forrest	Well, it's out of my hands. The city council made this decision. Why don't you be a good girl and run on home?

Katherine	This estate belongs to me and everyone in this town knows it.

Forrest	Ah, Katherine. I understand you're upset, sweetie. I mean, my aunt made promises she didn't keep and I'm sorry about that, but the fact remains, she left everything to me.

Katherine	That is a lie. I now know what you're up to. I know your plan. I know why you switched the will.

Forrest	You have no proof of that.

Katherine	I will get proof.

Morris	Sorry boss, I'll deal with her.

Katherine	Don't touch me.

Forrest	It's all right, Morris. Katherine and I have yet to finish our discussion.

Katherine	No, we haven't. Unless you've decided to tell the truth, there's nothing left for us to discuss.

Forrest	Katherine, who do you think will believe you? Sweetheart, I own this town. Every cop and every politician in it. You've got nowhere else to go.

Katherine	Hey. That's great Aunt Sally's will, isn't it?The real one.

Clyde	Thought you got rid of that?

Forrest	You worry too much, Clyde.

Clyde	You're gonna get us all arrested.

Katherine	I knew it was here.

Forrest	"Tom my great niece, Katherine. "I leave my home "and all its contents "and all the acres surrounding." Oh my. It seems your were right. She did intend for the house to go to you. It's a pity no one's ever gonna see this.

Katherine	You make me sick. All this for what? Money? How much is enough?

Forrest	I'll let you know when I reach that point.

Katherine	You are never gonna get away with this.

Forrest	Sweetheart, I already have.

Katherine	No.

Forrest	Clyde, I'm done now.

Clyde and Katherine	Let's go. Get off me.

Clyde	Let's go Miss Katherine.

Clyde and Katherine	Get off me. Let's go.

Katherine	Get off me.

Morris	I'm not sure about this, boss. What if she starts talking?

Forrest	That's all right, Morris. Katherine's family. I'll bring her around. Besides, mall contract signed, demolition starts in three days. This place will be gone in a week.

Katherine	Don't, don't, don't! Don't do this. I won't tell. Just let me go! No! Ow! Ow!

Clyde	Be good and nothing will happen to you. Fork over the purse.

Katherine	Clyde, let me out! Clyde!
		
Madison	Your move.

Peter	We have to come up with a plan. We have to get that will and we have to clear my dad's name. I'm here to help.

Madison	What are you thinking?

Peter	Well, my dad tells me that Mr. Worthington still has that will.

Madison	But going back, that's pretty stupid, isn't it? I mean, how do we get back into the mansion without tripping the alarm?

Peter	Well, we create a diversion. Then we get our supplies and our camouflage clothes.
 
Madison	Camouflage?

Peter	Hey, it's stylish.

Madison	I'll stick with basic black.

Peter	Got it. Let's get those supplies.

Jackson	Time to take Mr. Worthington out with the trash.

Peabody	I couldn't agree more.

Jackson	This is gonna get interesting.

Peter	Lots of cool stuff. Look at this.

Peabody	It seems Peter has enough gadgets to supply an army.

Peter	Cool. Testing, testing. One, two, three.

Madison	Read your fine and clear.

Peter	Rope. Smart. All right, let's suit up.
	
Jackson	Peabody, you ready for an adventure? You fly ahead and scout the mansion.

Peabody	Roger that. I just hope Peter knows what he's doing.

Peter	Let's move out.
	
Jackson	I'm ready to take on those goons and I really love the new threads. So, how do I look?

Peabody and Cloe	Like an idiot.

Jackson	If we're going on a mission, we need to look the part.

Peabody	Part of what, I'm not so sure.

Cloe	You stay well ahead of me. I can not be seen with you in that outfit.

Jackson	Suit yourself. I think I look pretty hot.

Roscoe	Hey guys, what's up?
 
Jackson	Hey! Why do you keep jumping out like that?

Cloe	Nice one, tough guy.

Roscoe	Dude, why are you so jumpy?

Jackson	You caught me off guard. I assume the same way in again.

Roscoe	Hey Jackson, there's a young lady in the upstairs bedroom. I think she needs help.

Jackson	Okay, we'll find her. Hope it's the blonde.

Roscoe	So you did come back, beautiful.

Cloe	Yes I did, but don't get the wrong idea.I don't wanna get fleas today.

Peter	Boy, how you been? Let's go in and out, quick.

Madison	Sounds good to me. Come on, boy.
 
Roscoe	I do hope they get what they came for. I'm a little worried. Those goons could be dangerous.
	
Clyde	Do you have any fours?

Morris	Go fish.

Clyde	Are you sure you don't have any fours?

Morris	No.

Clyde	I asked you for a four. Morris, we play this game every night.

Morris	Yeah, I'm still learning, Clyde. I'm still learning. It's only been two years.

Clyde	Morris, Morris. You only ask for cards you have in your hands.
	
Peabody	Look at those two idiots. They need to be taught a lesson.
	
Peter	Come on.
		
Roscoe	That Cleo. What a slice of pie. I do think she likes me.
	
Jackson	I gotta go find that young lady. I'm headed up the stairs.

Peter	Let's go find the study.
		
Morris	Kids.

Clyde	Let's get them!
	
Peter	Come on, Jackson!

Clyde	You get him, I'll get her.

Peter	Run Jackson, run!

Morris	Got you, you sniveling little pipsqueak.

Peter	No you don't. Yeah! Come on Jackson, let's go.
	
Madison	Okay, Cleo, you stay here. I'll be back for you, I promise. Now stay.

Cloe	It's too dangerous. Madison, where are you going?

Clyde	Come on, little girl. Give up and nobody will get hurt.

Cloe	If I weren't so tiny, I'd take you down.
	
Katherine	Is anyone out there? Get me out of here. I'm locked in here.
	
Peter	Yes, we're here. Are you okay? Who are you?
 
Katherine	I'm Katherine Worthington.

Peter	Hey, Katherine, it's me, Peter. Connor's son. I'm gonna let you out.

Katherine	Thank you guys so much.

Peter	Who locked you in there?

Katherine	My uncle.
	
Forrest	I didn't ask for your opinion. Just get over here right now! Something's going on. Katherine, what do you think you're doing?

Peter	Jackson, you ready boy? Go get him! Go get him, boy.

Jackson	Watch out, here I come old man. Whoa! Whoa! Whoa!

Peter	Good job, Jackson. Good boy!

Jackson	That was easy.
	
Clyde	I got you now. Whoa, kid.

Madison	Peter, run!

Clyde	Whoa. Oh, shoulda seen that coming.
 
Peter	Oh no, he's getting up.

Morris	I didn't sign up for kids and animals. Oh, shoot.

Peter	Yeah!

Katherine	Let's go.

Peter	Come on, boy.
	
Roscoe	I don't like this. There's a lot of noise coming from inside the house. I need to break this leash and help.
		
Morris	(screaming)
 
Cleo	I never thought I'd say this, but help!

Katherine	Oh, Cleo. Got the will. All right. Where's Madison?

Cleo	Oh, Jackson, so nice of you to show up.

Jackson	I was a little busy.

Cleo	We need to find Madison.

Peter	Madison, come on, we have to go.

Katherine	Come on, guys, we gotta go. We gotta get out of here.

Peter	Come on, Jackson.

Madison	Next time, never underestimate a kid.

Forrest	Not so fast, little one. Katherine, wait! Give me the will.

Katherine	Let her go.

Forrest	We don't want anything to happen to the little ones. Ow!

Jim	Stop! You're all under arrest.

Katherine	What're you talking about? You need to arrest my uncle.

Forrest	You cut that a little close, Jim.

Jackson	So that's the Jim Peabody was talking about.

Jim	Sorry, boss. What're you doing here, Wanda?

Wanda	You're under arrest.

Jim	Under arrest for what?

Wanda	Bribery for starters. And Mr. Worthington, we need you to come down to the station to address a number of charges.

Forrest	This is ridiculous. Do you know who you're dealing with?

Wanda	Yes. And bribing a police officer and councilman should put you away for quite some time.

Forrest	Call my attorney. He'll straighten all this out. I'll have you writing parking tickets by the morning.
 
Clyde	Say nothing, Morris. Nothing, Morris.

Peabody	Jolly good show, kids. You caught the bad guys.

Forrest	This woulda worked out fine if it hadn't been for those darn kids and those dogs.
	
Connor	Peter, you guys.

Katherine	Connor.

Connor	Are you okay? What's going on?

Peter	Dad, we solved the case of the missing will.

Connor	What?

Katherine	If if wasn't for these two and their animals, we never woulda gotten the will back.

Peter	Well aren't you turning into a little P.I.

Cleo	Roscoe, how did you get free?
 
Roscoe	I broke the leash. I wanted to make sure you were safe.

Cleo	Will I see you again?

Roscoe	I hope so.

Peter	All right, you know what?

Connor	You guys are gonna have to explain to me what happened on the way home. Come on, let's go.

Peter	Come on, boy.

Jackson	Hey, guess what. You're coming home with us!

Roscoe	Awesome! I guess I will see my girl again. Boy, I feel good. Nothing like a bath instead of just rain water.

Peabody	Roscoe, my friend, you do clean up well. What do you think, Cleo?

Cleo	Sure, I guess you could say that.

Roscoe	Thanks guys. Yeah, let's go. Hey there.

Female Dog	Look at the stud on the porch. Bow wow.

Cleo	Back off! That dog is mine.

Roscoe	I knew it, she does like me.

Katherine	We've go two more new guests for you, Doc. Welcome to your new home. I want to thank you all again. Without your help, none of this woulda been possible. We now have out own veterinary hospital and rescue. I'm so happy your name's been cleared.

Roscoe	Bow wow, wow! Yippie-yo-yi-yay.

Madison	And I wanted to give you this, since you did solve the case of the missing will.

Peter	Since we solved the case of the missing will. Thanks so much. Look Jackson. Dad, check it out.

Madison	Just in case you wanted to start your own junior agency. I thought you might need that.

Peabody	I think that would be an excellent idea.

Roscoe	Not bad, for a human.

Cloe	Congratulations, Peter. You deserve it.

Jackson	Nice going, Peter. I knew you could do it.

Peter	Check it out. Isn't it cool? Hey Jackson, do you like it? He's like, "I want it."
	What a guy.

Jackson	Well, I have to say, this was quite an adventure. Will there be another one? I guess you'll all have to wait and see.
 
Peter	Want to go to the skate park, Jackson? Come on, let's go.

