(THE STOLEN PRINCESS)







CHERNOMOR	Fin! You cannot defeat me!

FIN	Chernomor! Good will always defeat evil, and I am good.

CHERNOMOR	Blah, blah, blah…

FIN	Looks like you need to get some fresh air!

CHERNOMOR	What!? Noooo!!!
	
FIN	Nina, my love, I’m coming!

NINA	No! Fin, it’s a trap!

CHERNOMOR	Surprise! You foolishly doubted my powers. (this sounds like walla) It looks like evil won!? And who, who, who is evil? (mocking Fin) I am! I am! I am! one brief moment the power of your love will belong to me!
 
FIN	Nina…

NINA	Fin, my lo—

CHERNOMOR	Finally! Now, what should I turn you into!? A rabbit? A grasshopper? Oh! Into a flower!

FIN	I…won’t… leave… it like that. I’ll find a way. I will put it right.

RUSLAN	(melodramatic and pompous) I…won’t… leave… it like that. I’ll find a way. I will put it right. You must be defeated, evil Chernomor! Fool, I'll kill you right here and this will be the last Crimson Sunset you ever see. And there is nothing you can do about it. Now I'm stronger than you are. Now I am more powerful than any magician in the World. (as FIN) Still and all …
	
PUBLIC	Knights! Look knights! Wow! Look at them! Knights! Let’s go and take a look. A sword, oh my, look at that sword! I wanna be a knight! Cool! And armor, such great armor. They might be coming to ask for her hand in marriage. Propose to Princess? Yes, probably! Surely, they are here to propose to the Princess. Suitors! She will choose someone from these great suitors!

LESTOR	Ruslan! I will never forgive you! Chernomor, Ruslan! I will never forgive! Ruslan, hey! Ruslan!!!



RUSLAN	(whisper “sorry”) Ahhhem… Oh, where art thou, my Juliet? Do come, come out onto the balcony, I want to look into thine eyes…

LESTOR	(forced whisper) What Juliet? What balcony? Aarrgh! Are you nuts?
 
RUSLAN	(to the fleeing audience) Oh, I mean – Chernomor, I will never forgive you, I will find a way … oh well, what’s the point, everyone has left anyway.

LESTOR	(to the old man) We perform until the last viewer is gone.

THE BLIND OLD MAN	What?!

LESTOR	(quiet, to himself)…Or the last listener.

THE BLIND OLD MAN	Huh!? Who said that?! I can't hear you, either! But then again, maybe that’s a good thing!

RUSLAN	Lestor, everyone is sick of your fairy tales of sorcerers. Can’t you write something modern? Something about knights!?
 
LESTOR	What you have to do is learn your lines! Those knights are all you can think of!

RUSLAN	But how cool is that--you are dressed in armor, your sword in your hand, and over there in the distance you can see –

LESTOR	Yourself cleaning the stage…

RUSLAN	(sad)…a beautiful princess who needs to be rescued. Not… (mocking Lestor) …yourself cleaning the stage... Oh, how I want to call it quits and become a knight—

LESTOR	Children of knights become knights, but you are an actor's son so, it’s not your c hoice, it’s just the way it is!

RUSLAN	Thank you for the reminder! (looks dejected) I'm wasting… (emphasizes the word “MY”) …MY own life singing the praises of all kinds of triumphs… (emphasizes the word "OTHERS") …that OTHERS have achieved… (beat) But I can handle a swo... A swo... a swo...A sword no worse than a hereditary knight!

LESTOR	It’s just that their swords are for real. And now they are coming to seek a true princess’s hand in marriage. (tries to cheer him up) Ruslan, I am sure, sooner or later, everything will be different. No one will remember all these knights you’re going on and on about. But people like us(pointing at Ruslan) actors (pointing at himself) and playwrights will be rich and famous!

RUSLAN	Hahaha. Rich actor... it even sounds funny. (mocking) You think the world is going to go fully insane!? What’s the difference whether it happens sooner or later -- when life is happening here and now.

LESTOR	(pensively) Maybe the world has gone fully insane… Sounds like a nice introduction to a deeply philosophical drama! I need to write that down...

RUSLAN	Great that you heard only that tiny part…They went a mile a minute…

LESTOR	It looks like the marriage proposals did not go very well.

 RUSLAN	Only, it pulled our entire audience away. Well, let’s try to find something for dinner.

LESTOR	Yes yes! And in the meantime, I shall write another chapter of my ultimate genius play!

RUSLAN	And how many chapters have you written so far?

LESTOR	It doesn’t matter… Back off! I can feel the inspiration already!

MILA	…But I don’t want to get married!

VLADIMIR	Mila, such behavior is not acceptable! Stop this at once! Open the door right now!

MILA	There! Problem solved! …No one will ever—

VLADIMIR	(rising) Miiilllaaa!
	
MILA	enter. …But how did you…you were just…over…there –Ahhh ha! A secret passage! I knew it!

VLADIMIR	Mila, marriage is not something you should be afraid of; I will make sure your husband will protect you the way I do.

MILA	My point exactly! This is what your protection is like: don't go here, it’s dangerous…Don't go there, it’s dangerous…Don't go anywhere because everywhere is dangerous; stay at home, Mila. All your life! (continues) …while someone else sails the seven seas, climbs mountaintops and tames dragons. See her?! That will be me soon!

VLADIMIR	Ooogh! I will not permit you to look like this. No control of her lipstick or mascara!

A VOICE (O.S.)	Agggghhhh!
	
MILA	(calling to the voice outside) Sorry! (to Vladimir) But it’s not about make up… (rolls her eyes, new tact) And what made me think you would ever understand?!

VLADIMIR	(new tact, with resolve) You are a Princess, Mila! It is finally time you acted like one!

MILA	I know what this means: This means that a Princess should be boring, predictable, and well behaved.…and above all, depressed?
 
VLADIMIR	(quizical) Deee…deeepr…deeedree-d-what? (irritated) You drive me crazy with these big words! (lovingly, with hands to the sky) Oh, how you’re just like your mother…

MILA	(sigh) Oh, mother… Mother would understand me.

VLADIMIR	(soft)Mila, I won’t be here forever, and if I go as unexpectedly as your mother did, I want to make sure that someone will look after you.

MILA	But I don’t want anyone to look after me, I can do that just fine. I dream for big things to happen to me! Even if it’s a small adventure it will be better than this. I want to feel alive in the world and not trapped in this stupid castle!

VLADIMIR	Mila, you’re unbearable. This is not your choice --You will get married anyway, and if you don't choose a groom by tomorrow… I will choose one for you. This is King’s word, and it is final. She wants adventures! Ha! Imagine! I can’t believe it!

MILA	(with resolution) Not my choice?! Really?!

RUSLAN	Oh, thank you, you shouldn’t have. Same time tomorrow? – Nice haul, eh?

FARLAF	There is no flag. Phew, the Princess has not yet chosen a husband.

ROGDAY	So, it’s not a big deal that we’re late?

FARLAF	If only you hadn’t stuffed yourself with that…
 
ROGDAY	Poisonous Gut-busting Throw-up Soup…

FARLAF	Why would you even eat something named Gut-busting Throw-up Soup?

 ROGDAY	I, I…

 FARLAF	Don't answer. Had you not been poisoned by that unholy concoction, we would have arrived on time and my flag would be flying on that spire.

ROGDAY	I realize that was my fault. But I am feeling much be…

RATMIR	(laughs and picks his nose) He-he-he…

FARLAF	Ratmir! Do not laugh at your brother! And stop picking your nose!

RATMIR	But I like it, Farlaf!

FARLAF	(mocking) But I like it… (to the sky) Oh, my goodness, why am I the only one in our family with brains!?
 
RUSLAN	Hey you Sir, it would be nice of you to apologize!!

FARLAF	Did someone just say something? Ratmir, did you hear someone speaking?

RATMIR	Yes, yes, Farlaf, that guy right here!

FARLAF	You fool! Don’t you know when to play along? Huh?

RATMIR	But I thought...

FARLAF	Let’s see what we have here! What a buffoon we have found! How dare you to state claims to me, His Highness, knight Farlaf and your future king? You, buffoon.
 
RUSLAN	I am not a buffoon and you are no king. (mocking) His Highness, knight Falafel…

FARLAF	Farlaf! I am Farlaf! And for your information – I will go to the Princess tomorrow, marry her, and then whom I will become?

RUSLAN	I will not be lost in conjectures. A Hotdog? Kebab?

FARLAF	(yelling) Yes! What? No! I will not become a hotdog! I will become the king. Got it?!

RUSLAN	Oh, dear Falafel, make sure you put plenty of straw in your trousers when visiting the princess. You will thank me later.

FARLAF	Enough! My name is not Falafel, it is Farlaf! And I don’t have the time to endure the insults of you peasants! (turning to his brothers) Ratmir! Rogday! Now you will know the true power of the noble…Now you will know…

ROGDAY	(gags) B-b-b…I –- I am fine…

FARLAF	As I was saying… now you will know…

ROGDAY	(gags) B-b-b…

FARLAF	Aaargh! Rogday!!

ROGDAY	I… am sorry broth –-baaarrff! Give me a second…

FARLAF	Phew… so, what was I saying!?

RUSLAN	Now we will know your weakness…

FARLAF	Right! (realizing) No! Ughhh… what did I ever do to deserve this?

RATMIR	He-he-he!

FARLAF	(a near squeal) Hush! Quiet! Both of you! I am still a noble Knight and not some phony like you! I am still a Knight! And not some baseborn clown. I am destined for feats, castles and princesses. And you are destined for holey pockets, rags for clothes, and the company of this flying eyesore. And nothing in this world can change it.

ROGDAY	Farlaf! Hey! Wait for me!

RUSLAN	(shouts) Una is a titmouse! (quietly to himself) And I… I am not a buffoon!

MILA	(to herself) Well, this place doesn’t look very dangerous…
 
THE TOOTHY	Hey beauty, I can see you need help.

MILA	No, thank you, I am totally fine.

GANGSTER IN THE H.	 He-he… Hey there, girly!
	
THE TOOTHY	What brings such a beauty to our 'hood!? Didn’t mommy and daddy ever tell you these parts are filled with… (emphasizes the next word) gangsters!

GANGSTER IN THE H.	He-he-he. Right, those are terrible people, you know!
	
THE TOOTHY	(sinister) But tonight’s your lucky night, we can protect you for a minimal fee, say, for that price of that fine necklace you’re wearing…

MILA	No way!
 
THE TOOTHY	Why are you just standing there? Go get her!

RUSLAN	Miff!? Ptui! (spits out the apple core) Miss, are you alright?

MILA	Oh…

RUSLAN	(murmuring)Same stuff all the time…Whoa! Whoa! Easy. I was just trying to help.

MILA	If you still want to help, Please, call the guards, or a knight perhaps.

RUSLAN	(irritated, to himself) A knight. (loud) I am a knight!

MILA	Are you sure!?

RUSLAN	Yeah, Sir Ruslan, at your service. What has happened to you, my lady?

MILA	Them!

TOOTHY	Gotcha! Get lost, wuss, this is our booty. (to Mila) Give me the pendant, or you will regret it!

RUSLAN	(tries to find the right word) Oooh dear… hmmm… criminal element, don’t you see the sentimental value associated with this necklace? Besides, it won’t look good on either one of you… That said, in the spirit of peace and goodwill, perhaps I can offer you both a free prize!

GANGSTER	(smiling, clapping) Wow! I’ve never won anything before!

TOOTHY	What?

RUSLAN	(selling it)Well then today is your lucky day, gentlemen! Today I can offer you what I have in my hand –Ta-da! It’s bag full of free food!
 
TOOTHY	Take a hike, peacemaker, while you still can.

RUSLAN	No! After all, I am a knight, and I will not let you take advantage of the lady.

TOOTHY	Well, well… and? Doesn't budge? You probably tried to skimp and bought this toothpick on sale!? I, on the other hand, am no cheapskate when it comes to weapons.

RUSLAN	(quietly, to Una) Ok, plan B then. (to the Gangster) Look! Guards!

THE TOOTHY	Guards?!
	
MILA	(admiringly) Oh wow!

GANGSTER IN THE HE.	Are you kidding? That sword wouldn’t scare a chicken!

RUSLAN	This is just the newest version.
 
GANGSTER IN THE HE.	Ouch! O-u-u-uch! Stop it! Ou-u-u-uch!
	
RUSLAN	(quietly) Oh-oh!

GANGSTER IN THE HE.	(tries to pull off the helmet) Why… I’m gonna get ya…
	
TOOTHY	(lisps because he lost his teeth) Wamn you, you scoundrel.

GANGSTER IN THE HE.	Chi! Hi-hi! Chi-hi-hi-hi!
	
RUSLAN	And that's just at half-force. We gotta go.
	
MILA	But haven’t we won!? Oh! We have to run!

RUSLAN	Follow me! Here!

GANGSTERS	Where are they!? Here, quickly, we’ll find them! You can run but you can’t hide!

RUSLAN	(quietly) Looks like we’ve lost them.

MILA	Oh! Sorry.
	
RUSLAN	That’s fine. Let’s go. We’re safe now.

MILA	Thank you for rescuing me.

RUSLAN	It was nothing! For a skilled knight like myself, that was child’s play. We are trained for precisely…E-e-eh… So, you are not from around here?

MILA	What makes you think that!?
 
RUSLAN	All locals know that these parts are full of…

MILA	(interrupting) …gangsters!? Now I know that, too.

RUSLAN	So, where are you from?

MILA	It doesn't matter; I left that place, and I don't want to go back.

RUSLAN	(in a strained voice) Am I to assume it was a terrible place?

MILA	No, it wasn’t terrible. Just boring. It’s probably hard for you to imagine how it feels to have your destiny be predetermined at birth. When nothing exciting ever happens to you. When all you can be is the person other people think you are, and everything in your life…
 
RUSLAN	…is not your choice!?

MILA	(with astonishment) Exactly! Is not your choice!

RUSLAN	And this why you decided to run away?

MILA	(sighs) I simply want to experience real life, real adventure, real freedom. Because soon my father will force me to get married and… But now I understand how silly it is. Here, even that little man on the wall is laughing at me.

RUSLAN	(vigorously) Well, perhaps, it’s not that silly after all. If you want adventure, then adventure it is.

MILA	Hey, where are you going?

RUSLAN	I have an idea. That is if you are not afraid to trust a stranger.

MILA	(carefully) Well… alright then. MILA A-a-a-aaw!

CHERNOMOR	Well, it’s about time.

RUSLAN	It’s always chilly at sunrise.
 
MILA	Ruslan, this Sunrise! Look how beautiful! Ooh, I’ve never felt so alive in my entire life!

RUSLAN	It was an honor for me to accompany…

MILA	Awww! Ruslan! Ruslan, what’s happening? Help!

RUSLAN	I -– give me a second! (grunts) Oof, that was...

MILA	You rescued me –- again!

CHERNOMOR	Hahaha! You pathetic fool! A mortal can never resist the sorcery of the great Chernomor!

RUSLAN	(recognizes him) Chernomor!?

CHERNOMOR	I will take what I want anyway.

MILA	Let me go! Nooooo!

VLADIMIR	Mila! My daughter! Oh, no! Guards!

RUSLAN	I got you. Mila, whatever happens, just know that I will find you, do you hear me? I will find you! Wherever you are. Do you believe me!? Do you believe me!?

MILA	Ruslaaaan!
 
VLADIMIR	You! Answer me! What did you do…(grabs him by the collar and shouts right into his face) …to my daughter?

RUSLAN	To your daughter?

VLADIMIR	Mila! What did you do to her?

RUSLAN	She is a princess? I -– I didn’t do anything. She was kidnapped by Chernomor.

VLADIMIR	Chernomor!? Who is he? Where can I find him!?

RUSLAN	(stutters) I… don’t know for sure…

VLADIMIR	(bellows at Ruslan) Answer me! Answer immediately!

RUSLAN	In the magic land!

CROWD	But it is just a fairy tale. Ha-ha. Chernomor. He went nuts. Maybe because he fell down and hit his head? Yes, he became crazy. Maybe he was like that.
 
FARLAF	Yes, he is lying!

CROWD	Yes, he’s lying, surely lying. He is trying to hide something. And he is way too suspicious.

VLADIMIR	What!?

RUSLAN	I know that it sounds insane, but in the fairy tale…

VLADIMIR	(interrupts) Shut up! That’s enough! I will show you what happens when people lie to the King. Guards! Throw him in the dungeon.

RUSLAN	You don't understand, we need to hurry, Mila is in danger…

The GUARD	Shut up, you filthy peasant.

GUARD CHIEF	My lord, so what do we do!?

VLADIMIR	Good people, listen to the King’s decree. The one who brings the Princess home safe and sound will become her husband! continues with a sigh) And the new King!
	
THE CROWD	(cheering) Yeaaah!!!

GUARD 1	You are obviously not right in the head, tramp, to try and put one over on the King in front of everybody.

RUSLAN	But I did not lie! You have to believe me!

GUARD 1	Oh no, from now on it's prison rats who will believe you.
 
GUARD 2	Yeah, they are very trustful!

GUARD 1 and 2	Ha-ha-ha!

GUARD 1	You! What do you think you’re doing?

RUSLAN	Oh! Pardon me! But I will have to cancel my tour with the rats of your prison.

GUARD 1	Is this all you’ve got…

RUSLAN	Let’s go and see Lestor!
 
KHMYRYA	So which way should we go from here!? Who knows where to find the Princess!?

FARLAF	Let's split up: you will go to the right, and we will go to the left.

DUKE MOLTSBAN	This won't work. Could it be that you are deliberately trying to send your competitors in the wrong direction!?

FARLAF	Well, let's go together in the same direction then.

KHMYRYA	Why are you trying to decide for us? You’re not the boss of me!

FARLAF	Well, you are not the boss of me either!

LESTOR	Ruslan! Glory to Melpomene! Where have you been?

RUSLAN	Lestor, listen to me! Where did you learn the fairy tale about Chernomor!?

LESTOR	What do you mean “where!?” (points at his head) Right here. It was generated by my rich imagination.

RUSLAN	Tell me the truth!

LESTOR	What’s your problem anyway!? I am telling you, I made it all up.

RUSLAN	The problem is that Chernomor really does exist, and today he kidnapped the Princess.

LESTOR	What? You gotta be kidding!? (cautiously)Looks like you’re not kidding. Alright then. But you have to promise that you won’t tell anyone…

RUSLAN	(barks) Lestor!

LESTOR	Alright! I had a bad case of writer's block once. Well… I just couldn't come up with anything, you know… It was real torture…

RUSLAN	Lestor!

LESTOR	Basically, there was this book that I…(tries to find the right word)…borrowed..and in this book I read…

RUSLAN	Did this book say anything about where to find him, or, maybe, how to defeat him!?

LESTOR	No, nothing like that. But there was this hilarious story about a huge toad who, if only she kisses you…

RUSLAN	Who did you steal the book from?

LESTOR	Borrowed. Oh, I get it. Don't even think about it! The owner of the book is a scary and dangerous person, so you better stay away from him. I am still trying to forget the way to his house…

RUSLAN	(quick) So you haven’t forgotten where he is?

LESTOR	(quick) No, I remember completely, like it was yesterday – agghhh! My tongue is my worst enemy. Why do you even care about this princess anyway!?

RUSLAN	I’ll tell you on the way. Are you with me!?

LESTOR	Why, do I even have a choice?

SUITORS	To the right! To the left. No, to the right. What do you understand! And I say! No, I say! No, to the right. Straight ahead. Surely straight ahead! Who do you think you are? I say - to the right and this is my word. So go to the right with your word. Only straight ahead!

FARLAF	This is just impossible…

ROGDAY	What is impossible?

FARLAFT	hese morons have no idea which way to go.

RATMIR	Then why do we need them anyway? Let’s go on our own.

FARLAF	You idiot, we don't know which way to go either.

RATMIR	Ok, so who knows then!?

FARLAF	Maybe our little buffoon friend does!

LESTOR	Why did I a-g-r-e-e!

FARLAF	Follow me!

SUITORS	No, to the right. Surely to the left. Noone asked you. Shut up. You shut up. I will show you. Let’s go straight ahead. Only a fool will go straight ahead.

KHMYRYA	What? Where are they going? (shouts) Silence! (yells) Shut up! They! They know something! Let’s follow them!

SUITORS	(with one voice) Yeah! After them!
	
CHERNOMOR	Gotcha, little bird.
	
FARLAF	Brilliant, just brilliant.

RUSLAN	Giddyup!(nods towards the hollow) Does he live there!?
 
LESTOR	(stammering) Y-y-es.

RUSLAN	Don’t be so scared, after all, what will he do to you? Eat you, perhaps!? I’m sure we’ll be able to find some common ground.

LESTOR	(murmurs) You don’t know him.

RUSLAN	It’s not locked. Hello! Is anybody home? Wow!

LESTOR	(quickly looking around) Oh well, looks like nobody’s home. So, we gave it a try, it didn’t work, so we might as well go home.

THE CAT		The mousetrap just snapped shut. I remember you, you weevil. Looks like payday has finally arrived, eh?!

LESTOR	(screams)We are done fo-o-o-o-r!!

RUSLAN	(in disbelief) Ha! So, this is it? (to Lestor) This is your monster?

THE CAT	Oh?! Not frightening enough for ‘ya, eh?!

RUSLAN	Please forgive me, my dear…(awkward) …ahhh, Mr. Cat, we just…

THE CAT	And how about now? Is that better?

RUSLAN	(stutters heavily) Aghhh, yeah. That’ll do it.

LESTOR & RUSLAN	Aaaaaaah!!!!
	
RUSLAN	We need to calm him down somehow. What do cats like?  Milk, sour cream, catnip… birds?! Clearly you’re not an option…Bring me that map…

LESTOR	Rusla-a-an! Do something. Please!

RUSLAN	Yeah, hang on a minute…

LESTOR	I don’t have a minute. (to Cat) Shoo, shoo, shoo now… please! It worked!
	
THE CAT	Okay, okay, okay! Enough already! No more!

RUSLAN	Mr. Cat, can you please hear us out?

THE CAT	Alright! I’ll hear you out, just get that thing out of my face! I can’t take it anymore! You have one minute!

RUSLAN	We wanted to return your book. And to apologize.

THE CAT	Anything else?

RUSLAN	No. Well, you see, Chernomor…

THE CAT	Chernomor!? (figures out what it’s all about) Oh dear, did he kidnap a girl again?

RUSLAN	Well… yes.

THE CAT	And you want to rescue her?

RUSLAN	Exactly!

THE CAT	You gotta be kidding me! Chernomor has destroyed entire armies and decapitated giants, and now you… (sniffs at Ruslan) An actor and a troubadour, suddenly decide…

RUSLAN	So you don't know how to defeat him!?

THE CAT	I didn't say that.

RUSLAN	Then you DO know!?

THE CAT	I didn't say that, either.

RUSLAN	Er…

THE CAT	Follow me! Clean up! Once every hundred years, during the Crimson Sunset, Chernomor kidnaps a princess who has fallen in love to replenish his magical powers with the power of her love.

RUSLAN	(becomes sad) So, is Mila in love, too!?

THE CAT	(to himself) All lovers are blind. (to Ruslan) But to answer your question, all signs point to you being the object of her love.

RUSLAN	(gets animated) Are you sure!?

THE CAT	Oh… that's something you'd have to ask her yourself.

LESTOR	(taking notes) All lovers are b-li-nd. Hmm, do I need to put a dash here!?

THE CAT	Anyways… You only have two days* to rescue your beloved, Romeo.

RUSLAN	Only two days? But where can I find her and how can I stop Chernomor?
 
THE CAT	Easy, troubadour, I don't know.

RUSLAN	But I thought you did!

THE CAT	Nope. But I know someone who does. Are you following!?

RUSLAN	Fin!?

THE CAT	But if you want to find him, you will have to travel to a strange land.

LESTOR	(taking notes) A strange land… (it dawns on him) Oh my goodness, some strange land, not again!?

THE CAT	Not just some strange land, but a very magical one!

RUSLAN	I would journey to the end of the earth for Mila.

THE CAT	Brave lad. But look, I’ve seen many brave men venture to Chernomor’s land, but not a single one returned. Still, if you’ve already made up your mind, here you go…Let’s work, lazy bones. Here’s another brave fool who doesn’t know when to call it quits! What are you looking at? Here are your new clients. Aha, I almost forgot. When you get to the other side, it will be quite simple: just go straight ahead, and when you can’t go any further, use this.

RUSLAN	Thank you. I wish…

THE CAT	Do not mention it. I, for one, think that this is a suicide mission… and also, about this… (makes a gesture with his paws as if he was playing with a toy) …don't ever tell anyone about it!!

RUSLAN	I will be silent as the grave!

THE CAT	Oh boy, I am afraid that soon you will literally be as silent as the grave. (turns to Lestor) Now, do you need a special invitation!?

LESTOR	No… no… no… I’m coming.

THE CAT	Magic butt kick!

MILA	(in a hardly audible voice) Ruslan! Is that you!? Aaaaaa!!!
	
CHERNOMOR	Hush, hush!

MILA	So it's you who kidnapped me?

CHERNOMOR	Why use such coarse language… The term “relocated” is much better!

MILA	And now you want to marry me?

CHERNOMOR	What?! Marry you? Ugh! No! I despise such outdated clichés! Can a woman only be kidnapped for the purpose of marrying her!? Ha-ha-ha!

MILA	Well, yeah, ha-ha…

CHERNOMOR	Marriage? No way! Ha-ha-ha!

MILA	Ha-ha-ha, oh, thank goodness then.

CHERNOMOR	(keeps laughing) This is will be kinda like a marriage, only better (for me, ha-ha)! I will simply remove the power of your love and then turn you into a stone statue. It will look something like that…or like that…or maybe like that.

MILA	Wait. What? Did you say turn me into a stone statue?

CHERNOMOR	Oh... did I say that out loud? Don’t be nervous. It won’t hurt. Here, have a cookie.

MILA	Here, let me show what I will do with your cookie!

CHERNOMOR	Hey! You missed, you hysterical woman!

MILA	Me, a hysterical woman!? (laughs) Ha-ha-ha!

CHERNOMOR	(laughing his head off) HA-HA-HA!!!
	
MILA	This is war!

CHERNOMOR	Ugh…

MILA	Is this the Cap of Invisibility!?

CHERNOMOR	Now this is not funny anymore. Give me back the cap. Do you hear me!? Where are you!? That's enough fooling around. Ouch! Are you nuts!? Ouch! Stop kicking me. Ouch!(rising) I am about to get angry! Where are you going? You are foolish if you think you can escape from my castle!

MILA	Then I will hide until Ruslan comes to rescue me.

CHERNOMOR	Ha! Mortals have never been able to find my castle! Remember this! Never! Oooh! Such uncouth behavior! Well, I’ll make sure that you don’t get bored. Caramelus pastila… Monster candis, tru-la-la! Oh, you, my sweet minion, go find this brat… (mocking Mila) "...until Ruslan comes to rescue me". Bring her to me at once! And you, my dear! Be cruel!

THE CAKE	Roarrr!
 
RUSLAND	oesn’t look too difficult.

LESTOR	Well, I don't know, all I feel is danger.

RUSLAN	(to Lestor, sarcastically) Have you noticed how dangerous they are? What a predatory grin!? Let’s go; I’m sure that everything will turn out fine! Perhaps, you’ll be able to base your brilliant play on our adventures.

LESTOR	With no fear or remorse, they navigated right into the jaws of death!
 
RUSLAN	Well, so much for optimism.

LESTOR	Pfft. Clearly you know nothing about the theater; tragedies are all the rage.

CHERNOMOR	Let’s take a look where our guest has gone.  There you are.

THE SPHERE	Intruders! Intruders!
	
CHERNOMOR	What is going on!?
	
THE SPHERE	Humans arrived through the portal.
 
CHERNOMOR	Hmm! You never know who that might be.

THE SPHERE	Rus-lan. Les-tor. One brave, one scared.

CHERNOMOR	Oh… Ruslan sounds familiar… I think I’ve heard that name somewhere… (suddenly he remembers) Oh no, Ruslan! So he did come to rescue her. Oh well, then I must buy flowers for your funeral, Ruslan. Ha-ha-ha!! He-he-he…

KHMYRYA	That’s some doghouse right here… (notices the Cat) Oh! What is that? A kitty!?

THE CAT	I am a Cat! (to himself, with a tired look on his face) Now, what kind of a day is this!?

KHMYRYA	A talking kitty to boot! What are you meowing about, fleabag!?

FARLAF	(to his brothers) We didn't see the buffoon leave this place, so there must be a secret passageway somewhere...

KHMYRYA	Alright, furball, we know a certain troubadour paid you a visit earlier today. Where is he? Where did he go!?

THE CAT	(sighs) And I’ve only just finished cleaning up. Ok, let’s roll! (crackling the bones of his fingers) You knuckleheads picked the wrong cat to stroke the wrong way.

ROGDAY & RATMIR	What do we do?
	
FARLAF	Quiet, I’m trying to think. (joyfully) Here it is. Follow me!

THE CAT	And now some down time.

LESTOR	So, here we are.

RUSLAN	It looks like there is nowhere to go, right?

LESTOR	It looks like we should have at least picked up some berries. I’m starving.

RUSLAN	Lestor, how can you be thinking about food at a time like this!?

LESTOR	That is it! I’m gonna go find something to eat, and you can stay here and figure out whether there is nowhere to go or somewhere to go… (crosses O.S.) Man-oh-man! What have we gotten ourselves into?

MILA	(in amazement) She almost looks alive. Oh

RUSLAN	Well, so… There’s no way to the other side. Then we’ll have to use a gift, that Cat gave us. But how to use it? Maybe, we just… E-eh… No. Maybe it’s also magical, and we have to ask it? You know, very politely…(clears throat) Oh, the greatest…(looking for the right word)and the greenest...(stops again and tries to find the right word) beanpod!? Please, be so merciful… and show us, the lost travelers.., the way to the wise wizard! Oh the greatest… beanpod! (sighs) Yeah, you’re right, it’s stupid. We gotta think of something better. (sighs) (reactions) And? Yes, sure! As in that fairy tale about a bean pod! And now…Well… One, two… We need water. A-ha. Yeah…What?! Where?! Ah, you, little dirty woolen thief! Grab the hamster! Alright! Now you will get it! Oh really! So you know how to fly! Okay, calm down. Enough! Now, that was too rough! Maybe, he is just hungry? (to the Hamster)We’re not greedy, but we need this pod not for food. Somehow, it should show us a way to wizard Fin. But how? That one we don’t know yet. What? You know it? (warily) Won’t you run away? Ha? What if we’re supposed to give it to the hamster? Well, here. (delightedly)That is unbelievable!

LESTOR	Guys, do you think we can eat these? Aaah! What kind of a metaphor is this supposed to be? So, it's a sort of a blind trust thing! I’m coming, I’m coming!

RATMIR	Where do we go from here!?

FARLAF	We have to follow the clown!

LESTOR	Wait! Stop! I do not trust this Hamster.

RUSLAN	Why?

LESTOR	Why? Did you see that bridge? What if its hungry relatives are hiding in this cave?

RUSLAN	If you’re afraid – stay here.

LESTOR	On the other hand, this hamster looks very sincere. (starts running) Wait for me-e-e-e!!

CHERNOMOR	That is too little. However, it will be sufficient to destroy a couple of measly human souls. Pustus, moccus, coolibokus. Lettus makus stonus monstrus!

FIN	AAAAAAAAAAAW!!

RUSLAN	No! Wait! (to the Hamster) What’s wrong with him?  Fin! We come in peace!

FIN	(hysterically) Away! Go away!!!! I am a mighty sorcerer! I will bewitch you! Death! Death to all of you!

RUSLAN	Aren’t you Fin, the Great wizard? I’ve come…

FIN	Ah, you want to bewitch me! But I won't listen to you. Blah-blah-blah!

RUSLAN	So what should we do with him?

LESTOR	Can we take him out with a stone? What! I am good at throwing stones. Though here we have a very interesting case. A craven gaunt old guy is cowering behind the rock like a dancing fly. This is worth writing down.

FIN	I will bewitch you! Get loooost!

RUSLAN	I need to think… Oh I have an idea. We will start casting spells now! And if you don’t manage to do it first, we will bewitch you!

FIN	Ha!? I will bewitch you right now! Death to all of you!

LESTOR	We are starting the spell!

RUSLAN	Abracadabra.

FIN	Don't you even dare. I will bring death upon you!

RUSLAN	Then you’d best do it faster because we have started casting our spell!

FIN	(mutters to himself) How does it go!?! (in a loud voice) Kekhus, Nekus, P?ritekus, Kekhus, Reakus, Deathtekus!

RUSLAN	(pretends that he is dying) Oh, the gods! He has cast a deadly spell on me! I… I… My strength is leaving me.

 FIN	(with great astonishment) Me? My spell?

RUSLAN	Ah, I can’t feel my body! I am dying! I see a tunnel, white light… Grandmother, is that you?…

LESTOR	(as if projecting to an audience) O heavens, the hour of my death has come. O stars, I'm looking at you for the last time. O wind, you’ll never brush against my skin again. O mountains…lovely, brilliant mountains…and creeks…and streams…and rivers…and daffodils fragrant and bright, and animals, starting in alphabetical order with the aardvark, then the ant, then –

RUSLAN	(forced whisper to Lestor) I think he gets the point!

LESTOR	Beh.

FIN	Has my power been restored!? (scared) I killed those poor people! (with a quivering voice) Hey! He-e-ey! Are you completely dead? Forgive me, stranger.

RUSLAN	No need to apologize.

FIN	Aaaaaaaaaaw!!!

RUSLAN	Calm down! We won't hurt you! Fin! Fin the Great Wizard! (to the Hamster) Nice method! Dear Fin, we will leave you alone very soon! But the thing is, Chernomor... Chernomor kidnapped the Princess, and I need to find out where he took her. Do you understand?

FIN	An actor, moreover, a second - or third-rate actor! A courageous one, however. I once was courageous too, much more than you. But Chernomor! Chernomor took it all away from me. (to the Hamster) Got you. I am not crying anymore. (to Ruslan) Chernomor’s power is in his beard, so if you cut it off…

RUSLAN	All his sorcery will disappear?

FIN	Possibly. Very likely. But nobody has ever managed to do that.

RUSLAN	So where can I find Chernomor!?

FIN	His castle stands among the spiky rocks, but you will not overcome Chernomor with a regular sword. To do that, you will need a special, magic sword.

LESTOR	(sarcastically) And I was hoping this would be an easy deal…

FIN 	But the sword is protected by a mighty hero. If I only had my courage again… Eh.
 
RUSLAN	Tell us how to find this sword!?

FIN	Walk three hundred steps east from the entrance of my cave. You will see a shaggy stone, then turn right and walk one hundred steps straight, then turn left and walk two hundred elbows straight.

LESTOR	(writes in his notebook) Whoa, slow down, I am trying to draw a map.

FIN	(continues)Five hundred squirrel tails to the north, three dozen raccoon leaps to the south. Five dozen moose steps till you reach a shaggy stone.

LESTOR	Wait! The shaggy stone, again?

FIN	Six hundred steps with a lynx trot till you reach a dusk tree, then to the right and straight, straight and to the right again towards the hill on the edge of the steep, and then you’ll see gloomy fields covered with thick fog. That is where the sword is hidden. And hurry up, the Crimson sunset is coming.

RUSLAN	Oh wow. (to Lestor) Lestor, did you draw a nice map?
 
LESTOR	(not too confident) …depends on what you call ‘nice’.

RUSLAN	This is more modern art than a map. I cannot understand a thing.

HAMSTER	Khh-khh!

RUSLAN	Do you know the way? Well, you are simply irreplaceable. So what are we waiting for!? Hamster!?

FIN	Hey… hey you… people… guys!! What about me? Untie me… a????rgh!!!

RUSLAN	Hamster! What’s happe…

LESTOR	Why are you all running so fast, especially on an empty stomach?! Holy camoly! I’d better sketch this. You guys think that’s a friendly “nice to meet you” smile, or an “I’m going to eat you” smile!? Definitely Number Two!
 
RUSLAN	R-u-u-u-u-n!

FARLAF	It looks like we’ve lost them.

RUSLAN	(while still running) R-u-u-u-u-n!!

ROGDAY	Looks like we've just found them.

RATMIR	And what was he screaming!?

THE BROTHERS	(all together) AAAAAAH! Scraaaaaaam!

FARLAF	Ew, gross!

GOLEM	Eeerrrr!!

FARLAF	Phe-e-ew, it looks like we're off the hook.

THE BROTHERS	(all together) AAAAAH!!!

CHERNOMOR	You useless heap of stones! Aaaaa!

MILA	Where did all that comefrom!? Bah, who cares? I’m hungry…

THE CUPCAKE	Roarrr!
	
MILA	What is it? Wow, I knew sweets were bad for your health, but this is ridiculous. Ha! This is how princesses deal with extra calories. Here you are, my sweet brat! That’s right.

LESTOR	Whoa, what happened here!?

RUSLAN	A battle.

LESTOR		Well, obviously this is no dance party. This place gives me the jitters, goose bumps up and down my back… (puts one arm over another) my arms… (grabs at his bottom with both hands) …and even—

RUSLAN	(quick) Yeah, we get the point… Is this the right place!?

LESTOR	(nervous) What’s over there? What do you see?

RUSLAN	Tsss!! Who…!? Who are you!? Say your name! Is this your legendary hero?

LESTOR	He momentarily lost his head. (Lestor likes his own joke) Ha… lost his head… ha-ha! Get it? Seriously, none of you got that joke? (tries to explain) Well, the Head lost its head. Aaah… forget it. My humor is clearly too sophisticated—

RUSLAN	(takes a deep breath) Mister Hero!

LESTOR	Rather, what’s left of him!
 
RUSLAN	(to the Head) Hello! Mister Hero, sir! We really need your help! Hey there!? Mister Hero?

LESTOR	Now I understand what sound sleep really means. (nobody laughs)Come on! Nothing?

RUSLAN	Do you have an idea how to wake him up?

LESTOR	What’s wrong with him?

THE HEAD	A rat..!?

RUSLAN	O the great hero…

THE HEAD	(interrupts him) Smells like a rat.

RUSLAN	A rat!? No-no-no, my name is Ruslan, and I am an actor.

THE HEAD	Aaaw! There’s a rat right there! (blows at the Hamster) Phew! Phew! (keeps blowing) Shoo! (exhales with great relief) Phew… What do you want!? Why did you bring this rat here?

RUSLAN	This is a hamster!

THE HEAD	It’s all in the s-s-same rodent family. (sneezes) CHOO!!!!!!!!!!!! (sniffing) Tell me quickly why you’re here, but first take your rat away. Can’t you see that I am allergic?

RUSLAN	I was told you are the keeper of a magic sword…

THE HEAD	(interrupts him) Alrightee!
RUSLAN	Oh wow! That was simple!

LESTOR	(skeptically)Bah! I used to make armor just like that, from papier-mâché. Only it doesn't cut at all.

RUSLAN	(reads out loud)“It will be yours if you are able to carry it away.” What is that supposed to mean?

THE HEAD	(nods at something) Here, ask them!
 
LESTOR	But they’re dead, aren’t they?

THE HEAD	Let the show begin. Ha-ha-ha!

LESTOR	You need an urgent makeover!

RUSLAN	Ouch, my nose! It looks good on me, right!?

LESTOR	Yes, you look gorgeous, and now go get them!!!

ZOMBIE	E-e-ergh!? E-e-ergh!?

ZOMBIE'S HEAD	E-e-e-e-e-ergh!!!!
	
LESTOR	Aaaaaa, bug off!

RUSLAN	(admiring) Now THAT’S a true sword! You know, it really wasn't that hard after all.

THE HEAD	Oh, how many times have I heard these words!

LESTOR	I don't want to die.

THE HEAD	This, I’ve heard many times, too.

RUSLAN	(mutters under his breath) Think, Ruslan, think…

LESTOR	Sorry, I got nothing.

RUSLAN	…Nothing's going through the head! That’s right! I know what to do.

THE HEAD	(surprised) Hmm. "I know that to do…" That's new.

RUSLAN	Hold it.

LESTOR	That’s a bad idea! My uncle once tried to teach me how to use a sword.,I almost lost my ear and he... uh, well let’s just say he still receives disability benefits.

RUSLAN	Don’t be afraid; if it works, you won’t have to use the sword. (to the Hamster) You’re my super weapon.

THE HEAD	Hey! What are you up to? You, don’t you come any closer!

RUSLAN	(to his friends) Take cover!

THE HEAD	Why you good-ff… atchoo!!!!!!!! (sniffs) …for-nothing. If I had an arm, I would…

RUSLAN	(joyfully) Yay!! Another volley!

THE HEAD	I object! This is obvious exploitation!

RUSLAN	Wow, that's a huge one! We will need a super sneeze this time.

THE HEAD	(snuffles) Stop! Please!

LESTOR	Yes!!! We owned them all right!

THE HEAD	(with a stuffy nose) For you, it’s a victory; for me, it’s two weeks- worth of a running nose.

RUSLAN	Sorry, we had no other choice.

THE HEAD	Go already, you sly fellow. Don't forget to take your rat with you!

RUSLAN	Thank you-u-u!!

THE HEAD	You know, there was a time when I also could run, and jump, and… (sighs) …sleep!

FARLAF	Enough! Enough! Let it all fall away! I don’t care! All these monsters, frogs and stinking swamp.

ROGDAY	Buffoon.

FARLAF	Buffoons, princesses. Buffoon? Buffoon, oh, there you are. I missed you.

CHERNOMOR	Everything is in place. All I have to do is catch the girl, and then… So, you did make it here! Moreover, you have the sword! My, that's some longing for this hysterical woman…

RUSLAN		The sun is about to set. We have to make it through these spikes somehow… (glances over the breadth of the mountain) Lestor, you and the Hamster will go to the right, and I will go to the left, and whoever finds a passage first should whistle.

LESTOR	Okay, I’m coming… (suddenly recalls) But… I don’t know how to whistle.

RUSLAN	Looks like the Hamster knows how to do that. You better hope he can’t write plays.

LESTOR	Very funny! Lestor walks away quickly. Please tell me you can’t write plays…

RUSLAN	(to Una) Una, go and find Mila. Let her know that I am coming to rescue her.  Mila!? (lets go of the sword) Did you manage to escape!? I came to your rescue, just as I promised.

MILA	You’ve come!? Why?

RUSLAN	What do you mean why!? To rescue you! (takes her by the hand) This is me, Ruslan. Don't you recognize me!?

MILA	(pulls her hand back) I recognize you! You are Ruslan, the poor clown and buffoon who lied to me about being a great knight, all to seduce me and sweep me off my feet. There's no mystery here: if you married the Princess, you would become the King. Why would any buffoon pass that up!?

RUSLAN	Mila, what are you saying? I don't recognize you!

MILA	Recognize me!? What made you think you know me at all?

RUSLAN	But it seemed to me…

MILA	…it seemed to you!? Well, you are right. It seemed to you. How could you think that I, the daughter of the great King, was really interested in a poor actor like you!? And now you’ve shown up here to do what?

RUSLAN	To rescue you…
 
MILA	Rescue me!? But do I want to be rescued?

RUSLAN	(bewildered) I…
	
MILA	Here, I have everything that I need, everything that you would have never been able to give to me. A magnificent castle, riches, power, and even love!

RUSLAN	Love!?

MILA	Yes, love! Chernomor loves me, and we will get married today! And tomorrow we will go on a honeymoon trip around the world! (enthusiastically) This is what I’ve dreamed of my entire life!

RUSLAN	But the blood-colored sunset…

MILA	Oh, please! It is just a fairy tale. Ruslan, please understand! I don’t need you, I love Chernomor! (approaches Ruslan and takes him by the chin with her hand) …and if you have at least a little bit of honor left in you, you won't stand in the way of my happiness.
RUSLAN	No, I won't.
	
MILA	Good boy. (while leaving) And take your feathery little thing with you, lest it soils my wedding dress with its foul droppings.

LESTOR	There is nothing here; maybe, on your side, there is a way.  (to the Hamster) Hmm, what’s wrong with him!? Ruslan, did you find a passage? (runs up to him) Ruslan!?

RUSLAN	You were right.
 
LESTOR	Ha! Holy camoly, so I am always right! But about what, exactly?

CHERNOMOR	(in Mila's likeness) Hey, are you here? I know that you’re here. You know, I just met your groom Ruslan, is it? Such a cutie! I felt so sorry for him when he found out that Mila… (turns into Chernomor) …is not interested in him at all. Oh, how upset he was! My, oh my, I don't even know if he will ever recover from the heartbreak.

MILA	(irritably) You are lying!

CHERNOMOR	That's an insult, beauty. Look out the window and see for yourself. There is your hero, waddling home in disgrace. Oh no!

CHERNOMOR	(triumphantly) Gotcha! It's too late for flailing about. Now, let’s go, come with me… let’s enjoy the sunset. He-he-he!

RUSLAN	What an idiot I am, fancying myself worthy… There’s no need to try and calm me down. I have seen it all with my own eyes… leave me alone!

LESTOR	Ruslan, it is not the end of the world. But THAT, in fact, appears to be the case!

RUSLAN	It is quite a logical conclusion for my unimaginative play. I am ready for it! Bring it on!

LESTOR	Hey! I am here! You ugly bunch of rocks! Here, boy! Come get your stone pie! Ha, that’s a nice joke, I should write it down. Oh dear… what have I done! AAAAAhhhh!!!!! Get your act together, it is not the best time to…(starts running away)… chicken ooooout!!! You will find someone else, someone in your league, of your status; whatever happened is no reason to get so upset.

RUSLAN	But I - am - upset.

LESTOR	And this too shall pass. Now, go chop that cobble-stone into pieces.

RUSLAN	But how could she be so cruel and so cold!?

LESTOR	If you do nothing, the monster is the one who will be cruel, and us––why, we'll be very cold. I… cannot… run… anymore.

RUSLAN	And I can't live without her. The pendant!? Mila's pendant! Where did you get it? (it dawns on him) No, she wasn't wearing it… oh! (begins to understand) It wasn’t her! Well, deceitful Chernomor, this will be your last act.

LESTOR	(wheezes) This is it… I just can't… go on. Yes, this is how I should write it down.

RUSLAN		Hands off my friends!  Ha, I think I know how to get to the castle. Lestor, it was a lie. The Mila that I saw was not real. She was not wearing this. She said she would never take it off, so it couldn’t have been her who drove me away, and perhaps she is still waiting for me, or perhaps even loves me. (notices that Lestor is not responding) Aren't you glad?

LESTOR	(grunts)I am glad… I am very glad… Can’t you see me clapping?

RUSLAN	There’s no time to be laying around. Let’s go, we need to rescue Mila, the sun is about to set.

LESTOR	(to the Hamster) What did the Cat say!? All lovers are blind!?

MILA	You old ugly vile…

CHERNOMOR	Shut up! That's it! Soon you will become quiet and obedient. Like a pebble! There, there, I will take good care of you -- like, blow dust off of you every once in a while! He-he-he! What!? But, you left!

RUSLAN	Ha, I am not that dumb.

LESTOR	(mutters to himself) Of course, you aren’t.
	
CHERNOMOR	Calm down!

RUSLAN	Mila!!

CHERNOMOR	Aha, the magic armor!

RUSLAN	Your sorcery does not affect me. Give up now!

CHERNOMOR		You are right! It doesn't affect you, but what about me? Akonus, agonus, huge-os dragonus!
	
RUSLAN	(with amazement) A real dragon!

CHERNOMOR/DRAGON	So who is supposed to give up now!? You wanna go for a ride!? Not a problem!
	
RUSLAN	(childlike)Awwwe, did you lose this!?

CHERNOMOR/DRAGON	No-o-o-o-o-o!!!
	
FIN	He did it!
	
RUSLAN	That's it!

LESTOR	Yay, you did it! You won! I will dedicate the greatest poem in human history to you, or a play, or, even better, an ode! And I will start writing it right now!

RUSLAN	(to Lestor) There’s no time for odes yet. Mila is still in danger. (to Chernomor) Remove the magic shield!

CHERNOMOR	Me!? Ha-ha-ha! The process has been set in motion, and there is no force in the whole world capable of stopping it. Oh! Ouch!

RUSLAN	I will save her.

 CHERNOMOR	Come on, go ahead! Someone has already tried, and you probably know him: his name is Fin!!!

LESTOR	Ruslan, you’re gonna die!

RUSLAN	A life without Mila is worse than death.

CHERNOMOR	What a great act! It’s a shame that the actor won't be able to come out for an encore.

RUSLAN	This can’t be real, this is only my fear.  Lestor! Catch!  Aaa!!


MILA	Ruslan!

RUSLAN	Mila! I…

MILA	Ruslan, one more step, I beg you!

LESTOR	I will rescue you!
 
FARLAF	Nobody rescues anyone anymore!

FARLAF	(to Rogday) Give me the spear.

MILA	Oh no… Ruslan!

FARLAF	Finita la comedia, as they say in France. There, there, my dear, you don’t need to mourn this pathetic clown. He is beneath you, unlike me! I am a real knight, with a family tree and proper manners, so you will be very happy when we get married.

MILA	(with contempt) When we get married!? (her tone unexpectedly changes; she sounds brashly adventurous) You know, you are probably right. What was I thinking!? He was only a clown, an actor posing as a knight!

FARLAF	(embarrassed and bewildered) Yes… that’s exactly what I was trying to say.

MILA	But on the other hand – so proud, handsome…(continues) …clever, noble... And don't even get me started on that seductive beauty spot on your cheek…

FARLAF	(turns red) …oh, this is just a zit…
 
MILA	You are a man every girl would want… (finishes the sentence) …to punch!

RATMIR	Alright, alright, I get the point.

FARLAF	(queasily) Pfui, barf! That’s disgusting! What do you think you’re… croo-oak!  What the… crooak, croooak!

 MILA	(caresses Ruslan’s hair) Ruslan… my knight! You are the best man on earth… (beat) …the man I love.

FIN	Here I am! My power came back to me. Hey there, champions and winners. Laurel wreaths for everyone! Why is everyone so sour? We won, didn’t we!? Oh, it is not a problem. (to Mila) By the way, my name is Fin; after all, we have never been officially introduced.

MILA	(gets angry) Ruslan is dead. And you don’t think it’s a problem?

FIN	Whoa-whoa-whoa! Calm down, young lady, I only meant that I could fix it all.

MILA	Fix it all!?

FIN	(raising his arms protectively) Well, yeah. By the way, it should be mentioned that I… (boastfully) …am a Wizard!!

MILA	And you… (with a more respectful attitude) …you can resurrect Ruslan?

FIN		No, I cannot resurrect him, but I can return what was stolen from him -- that’s not a problem at all. (solemnly) Step back, in a moment you will witness real, fairy-tale-grade magic. Kaladounen, nadalounen, give him back what you have stolen. No more loss, no more wrack, his light of life he should get back!

MILA	He is breathing, thank you!

NINA	What’s going on here!?  It seems I've woken up from a century-long sleep, and you are already interested in other girls!? That’s it, I am so done with you!

FIN	No! Nina! My shining star! (shouts after Nina) You’ve got it all wrong. Hold on, my love. I was just… let me explain!
 
MILA	Ruslan! You are alive!

LESTOR	I am so glad that you are alive!

RUSLAN	(chokes up) Don’t squeeze me!

LESTOR	Oh…

RUSLAN	Mila!

MILA	Yes?

RUSLAN		I need to confess… I am not quite a real knight. One could even say… I am not a knight at all.

RUSLAN	(tries to soften the blow) But I really like you, and I would like… (falters and gets very anxious) …if you'd let me… then I would… if you don’t mind…
 
MILA	I don’t care who you were, now that I know who you are now. You are the one I love!

RUSLAN	And if I asked you to marry me? What would you say!?

MILA	Yes! I will say “yes”!

RUSLAN	I love you!
	

(THE END)
