(THE REPUBLIC 6)
	
	
	

Thabang	I'm your last chance!

Moses	Last chance, my foot!

Thabang	Madam President. How bad is it?

Thug	You smell nice, hey! I'm rich now.

Bridget	- Hey, hey! - Who's a slay queen? I said, get lost! Get lost! Look for the pin. Didi, baby! Help Mommy find the pin.

Thabang	Ma? Ma! Ma!

Bridget	Thabang!

Thabang	Ma...Oh...Oh, Ma...Ma. Ma. Oh...

News Anchor	Good afternoon to you, South Africa, from the NNC studios in Randburg. My name is Cathy Mohlahlana. What an incredible day it's been for the country, unprecedented scenes that we are seeing. It's a very big day for our country. Of course, I'll try and help make sense...of some of the developments that we've seen. Never in the history of this country, have we had the President come under attack. Those are the scenes that we've seen...playing out in Soshanguve today. But the latest...

Dineo	It's my fault, Mama.

Bridget	What did you do?

Dineo	Junior killed Granny because of me.

Bridget	No. Listen. You're not responsible for your grandmother's death. Junior killed her because he is an evil man. Okay? We don’t know what drove him to do it, but it wasn't your fault. I'm sorry, my baby. I’m sorry that you're going through all of this.

Cassius	Don't follow me.

Moses	Hurry up, man. - Yes? - Hey.

Cassius	Hey! I’ve been trying to call you! Are you sleeping with prostitutes again?

Moses	What prostitutes? We’re busy here. I was going to call you back.

Cassius	When? After the next elections?

Moses	What do you want?  We're busy, man!

Cassius	We had an agreement. I want to know why you reneged on our deal! Mulaudzi is still alive!

Moses	There have been a few complications.

Cassius	Complications?

Moses	That fool, Thabang, appeared from nowhere.

Cassius	You'd be lucky if you're still alive when all of this is over.

Moses	Hey! Do you know who you're talking to? Don't mess with me. I'll fix this, it's no big deal. Sis!

Cassius	Fix it. You hear me? And tell Hendrik to call me.

Katlego	What happened here?

Thabang	It was Junior Zondo.

Katlego	Damnit, man! Yoh! Look, man...how?

Thabang	It doesn't matter now, Katlego.

Katlego	Thabang, - look, I was busy... - What? Trying to do your job?

Thabang	My mother would still be alive if you and your people had been here on time.
Thabang	Junior is out there, my mother is here, dead! My daughter had to see her granny lying on the floor, dead!

Katlego	I hear you. And I sympathise with you. I do sympathise with you. But please remember, my job is to protect the President.

Thabang	So, the rest of us are not important?

Katlego	Tell me, do you have any idea where they might have gone to?

Thabang	Even if I knew, I wouldn’t tell you. I’d go and find them myself.

Katlego	Thabang! You better not be thinking of doing anything stupid. Your mother needs you. Focus on her. And leave the police work to me. Do you hear me?

Thabang	Is that because your job is to protect the President, and not us? Because we're not important?

Katlego	I’d like to speak to your daughter.

Thabang	- Katlego, Katlego... - Thabang! Thabang!

Katlego	I need to speak to her.
Katlego	She might help me trace down Moses and Junior.

Thabang	I’ve already spoken to Didi! She doesn’t know anything! She's traumatised and a mess!

Katlego	-Okay. - Nothing makes sense to her. I hear you! But let me be the judge of it.

Thabang	- Katlego... - Thabang,

Katlego	you and I have a bad history. I understand that, but please trust me. Just for once! I know my job.

Cassius	Nonsense! Nonsense, nonsense, nonsense! What the hell is this? You write nonsense and present it to me?

Minister of Police	What do you suggest?

Cassius	The Minister of Police doesn't have a plan. Here is what we'll do Angela! Angela!

Angela	Yes, sir?

Cassius	Contact Sbongiseni...from the media department and tell him I want to do a media briefing. Okay? And I need to be live before today's news. Okay. Am I clear?

Angela	Yes, sir.

Cassius	Hopefully, South Africa will know that...this country hasn’t gone to the dogs. We are under control.

Minister of Police	Even though we’re not?

Cassius	Do you have a better plan? Let's hope that by the time I go live, the Minister of Police would've apprehended those criminals.

Minister of Correctional Services	Deputy, I just got a call that Mr Zondo has escaped.

Cassuis	Didn't I tell you to move him to a more secure prison? Didn't I say that?

Minister of Correctional Services	That’s exactly what we were doing...

Cassius	What happened then?

Minister of Correctional Services	No one could’ve seen this coming. Services	Two guards were killed, and one is missing. Services And Zondo is nowhere to be found.

Minister of Police	This is an inside job.

Cassius	You think? Angela!

Junior	I’m still trying to figure out how they found out I was hiding at Moses’ house. Guess who found me? Thabang.

Hendrik	Tha...Thabang Ranaka?

Junior	As tall as he is. Moses suggested that I go to Thabang’s house and wait there, after I escaped from him.

Hendrik	Junior, what exactly was your plan?

Junior	I wanted to put Thabang into a corner.

Hendrik	By kidnapping his mother and daughter?

Junior	I couldn’t sit back and do nothing. Everything had to stay on track, and the goal was getting you out of prison.

Hendrik	How did you get hurt?

Junior	It was Thabang's daughter. She stabbed me with a knife, her grandmother joined in and they took my gun...and tie me to a chair. Then Thabang's daughter left, and left me with her grandmother. I sat there...and waited for an opportunity...

Hendrik	And how did you escape? Hm? Junior, how did you get away? Hm, Junior? How did you escape? - Listen, it'd better be not what I'm thinking. - I had to.

Junior	It was either she died, or they were going to have me arrested, like you.

Hendrik	Do you have any idea what you’ve done? Do you know what you’ve done? Do you know that Thabang,  on his own...is an army? Do you know that because you killed his mother, he will look for us until he finds us? Do you know that?

Junior	He won't find us.

Hendrik	Do you have any idea what you’ve done? Huh? Do you? Did you ever think about that? Did you ever think about what would happen?

Junior	We’ll be in Abu Dhabi.

Hendrik	Abu Dhabi, my foot! You think you'll be safe in Abu Dhabi? - Huh? Junior!  - Boss...- You think... - Boss! What?

Moses	There is something I'd like you to see. Our plan is on track.

Hendrik	What happened? What is it?

Moses	Dog!

News Anchor	The Presidency at this point  remains tight-lipped. But we understand, coming from reliable sources...that President Mulaudzi has been rushed to a hospital...where she's currently undergoing surgery. Now, exactly how far the extent of her injuries run, unclear at this point. Of course, our reporters are working the story for us today...and we're going to try and get you a reaction. We're also making sure that we have reporters out and about... throughout the country,  stationed in Soshanguve. We have a live visual also...

Cassius	Our President has been shot. The money...is gone. Zondo...has escaped. Now, the press briefing...I'm going to do South Africans, what should I tell them? Hm? Your money has disappeared. The entire fiscus...is gone. Should I say that? Speak up. What should I say? Audrey, how is the President?

Audrey	I haven't heard anything, Sir.

Cassius	Please get out.

Katlego	You say you stabbed him?

Dineo	He asked me to make a sandwich for him, so I took a knife...

Katlego	Did he say anything before that?

Dineo	He wanted to talk to my father, and... - he said my father didn't love me. - It's okay, baby. Speak. He said my father...was having an affair with his sister.

Katlego	Junior’s sister?

Dineo	Yes.

Katlego	Tell me, did he say anything that could help us know his whereabouts?

Thabang	Enough. You can see for yourself, she has done her best. It's over. Come here, my girl.

Katlego	Excuse me. Talk to me. When? Where? Okay. All right, keep me posted. Zondo has escaped from prison.

Mbali	Dad! Wow! What are you doing here? I mean, have you been released?

Hendrik	Yes, I'm free now.

Mbali	When? How?

Hendrik	I’ll explain the details later. You look beautiful. Oh! Let me greet your mother. How are you? Is the baby fine?

Mbali	Yes, Dad. It's fine. - Mm. - And you?

Hendrik	I'm fine, even when I've been through the worst.

Mbali	Dad, what's going on? I mean, there are rumours that you were involved in the Soshanguve chaos. Is it true?

Hendrik	Yes, it's true.

Mbali	What?

Hendrik	Listen...Listen, Mbali...this government...has taken everything from our family. It's taken our money, businesses and our taxes. They took everything I acquired before I got into the cabinet. After everything I've done for this country.

Mbali	What about the charges?

Hendrik	All those charges were nonsense.  They were concocted by Lufuno. She wanted to see me in jail, so she could take over.

Mbali	Are you saying you never stole?

Hendrik	Who doesn’t steal in government? Who? Everyone in government is a thief. The Ministers, Deputy Ministers, Mayors... they all steal. They steal, and I’m the one who takes the fall?

Mbali	To think I defended you!

Hendrik	- Who else was supposed to defend me? - I defended your name!

Mbali	Our name, from what  you're telling me is true!

Hendrik	Who else was supposed to defend me? You are what you are because of me. I sacrificed my life, spent years in jail, tortured by Afrikaners...just so you could have a better life! Now I’m being betrayed by my own people? You're also judging me? Everything I’ve done was so you could have a better life. Everything!

Mbali	Is that your excuse, Dad? Because everyone steals, makes it all okay?

Hendrik	You’re not understanding me.

Mbali	Mom says we’re going to Abu Dhabi.

Hendrik	That's true.

Mbali	I'm not going there.

Katlego	I’ll keep you posted on all the developments.

Thabang	Put me on the team, Katlego. We need to stop these people. We can’t let them get away. They’re probably preparing to skip the border and leave South Africa. I know how Hendrik thinks. I know how Junior thinks. And I know their strategies. Let this be the last thing I do for my mother.

Katlego	I want to do this, but trust me, we've got the best team on this. Just trust me. I’m going to talk to Karabo. Whatever he tells me...might lead us to those people. We've got this.

Thabang	No, you don’t. If anything, you failed. Stop trying to play a superhero, because you're obviously failing.

Katlego	I'll pretend I didn't hear that. I'm going now, Thabang. As I said, I'll keep you updated with whatever Karabo tells me. Okay? Don't go down this road. Think of Dineo. Think of your daughter.

Sindi	How is the wound? Your father says you were bitten by dogs.

Junior	Yes.

Sindi	What kind of a dog bites a human being just like that? Weren't they on a leash? Anyway, my boy. I'm so proud of the way you oversaw this entire operation. You’ve done so well. You take after your father. You're not just a pretty face.

Junior	Eish! I wish Dad felt the same way.

Sindi	Why? Was he criticising you again?

Junior	Nothing I ever do is good enough for him. He's always finding fault.

Sindi	Relax. You know how your father is. But he’s proud of you. I know it.

Junior	You think so?

Sindi	Very much. Always remember that.

Hendrik	Sindi. Please go and speak to your daughter.

Sindi	Later.

Thabang	None of this would have happened...if I hadn’t left Didi and my mother alone. She’d still be alive.

Bridget	Thabang, there's no point in beating yourself up now. There was nothing you could've done to help them.

Thabang	I failed the two most important people in my life.

Bridget	No, no. You didn't. You need to stop thinking like that. Ma is dead. I get that you’re hurt, but right now, we need to be strong for Didi. She could've been dead. But she's still alive. Because of you. understand that you're hurting  because of Ma, but right now, I need you to pull yourself together,  as the head of this family. You’ll find me inside.

Sindi	Mbali.

Mbali	I guess you’ve always known about Dad. When everyone was writing about his corrupt ways, I defended him! I said white people were just jealous of black excellence. I defended him when he got arrested and lost my friends, only to find out that this was true?

Sindi	You need to understand where your father was coming from. Everything he did was to give our family the life that we have now. He did it for you, me and your brother, Junior. You should be grateful.

Mbali	- Grateful? - Yes. I can’t believe that this is my life right now.

Sindi	There's something you don't understand. You don't understand any of this.

Mbali	No, I do understand. You’re the one who won't listen to me.

Sindi	What do you want to do? I'm listening.

Mbali	Coming with you guys, would be like I’m condoning Dad's criminal ways.

Sindi	Don’t call it that.

Mbali	It's true!

Sindi	If you stay behind, the police won't leave you alone. You'll always be stressed, and that child you're carrying...won't survive. Remember, the police will come looking for you, the government, prosecutors, even the opposition. Is that what you want?

Mbali	I did nothing wrong. I’m innocent in all of this.

Sindi	Oh, please! Don't fool yourself, my child. An injury to one is an injury to all. You're a Zondo, right? They’ll arrest you and throw the keys away. Your child will be taken to a foster home, and you'll never see him again. Is that what you want, Mbali?

Moses	Hey, boss. The last batch is on the way.

Hendrik	Okay.

News Anchor	We continue our coverage of our breaking news today. We've just received word from the Union Buildings...that Deputy President, Cassius Ndlovu...is preparing to address the nation this hour. We understand that Ndlovu has been overseeing the response...to the kidnapping of President Mulaudzi. And he intends on making a live address. Our producers, in fact, telling me that scene is ready. Let's take you live there, to the Union Buildings.

Cassius	Fellow South Africans, earlier today, I reported that there was an incident in the township of Soshanguve. where our President, President Mulaudzi, was kidnapped. There’s no other way to say this President Mulaudzi has been shot. She's currently in the medical care of our best surgeons, and we hope for her speedy recovery. Our policemen have brought peace in the township. And we have new information that suggests that all this mayhem...has been the work of our ex-President, Hendrik Zondo. He’s used the anger of the people to create mayhem...and to steal money. He's currently a fugitive from the law after escaping custody. Now, I want to reach out to every South African. If there's any information that you can bring, that can lay this entire issue to rest, please don't hesitate to call the number at the bottom of your screen. And as your acting President, I want to give you my word. We will leave no stone unturned...in our pursuit of these perpetrators. This is our South Africa. We fought for this land. We will not let it go to the dogs. Nkosi sikelel’ iAfrica.

Katlego	I’ve spoken to Karabo. He doesn’t know anything. Look, I interrogated him myself. It looks like they didn't tell him any more details. Thabang, the fact that he has agreed to talk to us...means he's seen his mistake and he's willing to help us.

Bridget	Thabang. Thabang!

Thabang	You did a good job.

Hendrik	You went all out today, my wife. Such a beautiful set-up?

Sindi	I tried my best with the little we had, my dear.

Hendrik	Mm. Where is Mbali?

Sindi	Relax, she's coming. She just needed to cool down a little.

Hendrik	Mm. Okay, then. Let me address these men.

Sindi	Okay.

Hendrik	Greetings, gentlemen.

Dogs	Hello, sir.

Hendrik	Are you well?

Dogs	Yes.

Hendrik	I want to thank all of you for the brilliant work you've done for me. I will never forget what you've done for me today. Because of your dedication, we managed to pull this off. We wouldn’t have pulled it off if we didn’t work together. Please give yourself a round of applause for your good work. This is for the people who the government treated like dogs, fired like dogs, and spoken to, as if they were dogs! I'm talking about heroes who worked so hard for the government. People like Christa Biyela, former Minister of Education. She got fired just because her sister’s company supplied textbooks. Then there was Lebogang Magashoa, former Deputy Minister of Health. She got fired for something so stupid! Just because she attended the Health Summit in China. And then there was another hero, Donna Sibiya, Former Minister of Home Affairs.
Hendrik	He got fired for implementing visas for our country, something we needed!

Dogs	He was doing it for our country.

Hendrik	He got fired! I'm talking about the real cabinet members! That's who we're talking about! Not these fools!I would like to ask that...before we continue, may our First Lady here, who we've been blessed with, bless our new-found home. May she bless this day and all the delicious food that's in front of us. Let's please bow our heads.

Sindi	Let's close our eyes. Heavenly Father, thank You for this day. Thank You, Messiah, for keeping us safe. You kept us away from all dangers. As we gather here today to have our last meal together, bless us, Lord. Also bless the hands that made all this food, Lord. - Amen. - Amen.

Hendrik	Amen! A round of applause, gentlemen! You may dig in, gents!

Thabang	I got you.

Bridget	Are you sure I can let go, Thabang?

Thabang	No, no. Just...Ma!

Hendrik	Oh...

Bridget	Dineo is finally asleep. I gave her a sleeping pill. Thabang, what's going on with you?

Hendrik	I'll be right back.

Bridget	Where are you going?

Hendrik	I'll be right back.

Bridget	Thabang, let's talk!

Cassius	Here.

Minister of Police	Powerful speech, Deputy.

Cassius	It was to garner support. What's the latest with Zondo?

Minister of Police	We have the entire Tshwane on lockdown. From Ga-Rankuwa, Mabopane, Rosslyn...until Fairie Glen. We just need to cover the cellphone networks.

Cassius	Make it snappy. How’s the President holding up?

Minister of Health	It’s not looking good at all, Sir. I was with the doctor. He said we should be ready for anything.

Minister of Police	Deputy, as a matter of protocol, we will need to swear you in...if anything happens. You'd need to take over the Presidency immediately.

Cassius	Let's hope it won't get to that.

Thabang	Sorry, sorry. Ness. Is it Karabo in there?

Female Analyst	Thabang, Katlego told me what you discussed. Please, let’s respect boundaries.

Thabang	I need to talk to him.

Female Analyst	We’re leaving for the hospital. They are waiting for us there.

Thabang	I need to do this. Please.

Female Analyst	I was there. There’s nothing Katlego didn’t ask Karabo.

Thabang	My mother has just died. Junior killed her. Please, Ness. I need all the information I can get from him. Just five minutes. Come on, five minutes. Karabo, I really need your help. My mother has just died. Junior stabbed her. I need to find him. I need to know where they went. I'm sure Junior is with Zondo wherever he is. Please, Karabo.

Karabo	Get lost.

Thabang	You know, my wife...is divorcing me. My mother...has just died. And my day, has been way too long.

Karabo	Okay, okay, okay! Junior and Zondo are at a warehouse in Rosslyn, with the dogs.

Thabang	What’s going on there? Huh? Huh?

Sindi	- my dear. - Hm? I'm going to get dessert.

Hendrik	Well, go ahead, my wife.

Dogs	Zondo! We're eating delicious food today. Chicken, steak and wors, all on one plate! Thank you, boss.

Hendrik	Gentlemen, as I said before, what's a party without a cake? None of us here will miss out on a slice. We're all going to have it.

Minister of Health	Mr Deputy President, I have good news for you. I've been speaking with the doctor. He says Madam President is going to be just fine. That's great news.

Cassius	That's good.

Bridget	Thabang, those people will kill you. We won't be able to deal with that. Me and the child.

Thabang	I’m going to be fine. This is something I have to do. I have to find them. By the time my Mom gets buried, these guys must be behind bars. Or I’ll never forgive myself.

Bridget	Okay. Please be safe. And keep us posted, okay?

Thabang	Bridge.

Bridget	Yes?

Thabang	Tell Didi that I love her.

Bridget	Thabang.

Thabang	And I love you.

Bridget	I love you too.

Dineo	Mama. Was that Dad?

Cassius	Okay, okay. Okay.

Minister	Shame. He looks really worried about the President.

Thabang	I’m going to be fine. This is something I have to do. I have to find them. By the time my Mom gets buried, these guys must be behind bars. Or I’ll never forgive myself.
