(THE REPUBLIC 12)






Policeman	Can I see your license?

Moses	My license? 

Policeman	Yes. Drop the gun! Down on the floor!

Hendrik	What's this?

Bhambatha	It can cover up to 10 kilometers radius. It works, and it's ready. The only thing it needs is a new battery, and we're good to go.

Mbali	I don't care! Hit me! Do whatever you want to do to me! I’ve lost my freedom. Why won't you see the truth, Ma? Why won't you see the truth? Dad is not doing this for us. He's doing it for himself! It’s all about him! Why can't you see that?

President Mulaudzi	You're lying! There's no bomb, Zondo! There's no bomb! And you know what, I'm coming for you. I'll drag you with my own hands! I will get you, Hendrik Zondo! I will get you! What am I looking at? Is it real? 

Thabang	This Is the R80 road. This is a transfer. It's in Soshanguve. They're taking the bomb home.

Moses	My hometown! Sosha!  

Junior	Soshanguve.

President Mulaudzi	Can somebody please tell me how we're going to resolve this mess?

SBU	Madam President, if I may...

President Mulaudzi	Stop calling me Madam President! We don't have time for a protocol. The country is burning!

SBU	All I'm trying to say is that I believe the bomb is en-route to Soshanguve.

President Mulaudzi	I hear you. But what do we do? Is there a way we can evacuate the whole township? Maybe make an announcement... 

Bridget	I wouldn’t do that if I were you. I grew up there, so I know that community. If you tell them there's a bomb, they'll panic and run.

President Mulaudzi	That makes sense, Bridget. But it doesn't solve our problem.

SBU	We also don’t have enough time to evacuate the whole township. Unless we find the bomb, we'll have to give into Zondo’s demands.

President Mulaudzi	No, we're not doing that. Not at all. Mntungwa.

SBU	Commander.

President Mulaudzi	Is there a way the task force can kill Zondo before he detonates this bomb?

SBU	My team is ready, Commander.

President Mulaudzi	Thank you. One more thing, I want you to find me whoever it was from the apartheid regime who designed that bomb. If not them, find whoever else was part of the team that made this damn thing!

SBU	I'm on it. 

President Mulaudzi	Find them.

Minister of Police	Madam President.

President Mulaudzi	Comrade Victor, you and your men need to stand down. Am I clear? None of you will try and enter those premises! All you have to do is make sure that Zondo doesn’t leave that compound. Am I clear?

Minister of Police	Yes, Ma'am. I'll do that.

President Mulaudzi	Zondo has a bomb. An apartheid-era bomb. He's threatening us with it.

Minister of Police	What? 

President Mulaudzi	We believe he's taking it to Soshanguve. He's threatening to blow up the whole community! So, please...send umpteen personnel to Soshanguve and make sure we deal with this mess. We believe that's where he's planted the bomb or is planning to plant it.

Minister of Police	Is there anything we can do, Ma'am?

President Mulaudzi	You must wait for my instructions.

Minister of Police	Every step of the way, Minister.

President Mulaudzi	It's a very sensitive thing. Time is not on our side. And every puzzle piece could change at any minute!

Minister of Police	I'll do that now. 

President Mulaudzi	Good. We'll talk later.

Junior	Bra'Mos, how dangerous is this thing?

Moses	Hey, it could blow up the whole Soshanguve.

Junior	Why did the apartheid government build something so dangerous? South Africa was never at war.

Moses	You were still a child. You know what, you were still a baby. Let me tell you something. The old government was at war with itself.

Junior	We need to get moving. In two hours, Soshanguve will turn into Hiroshima.

Moses	You live in a fantasy world. You watch too many movies.

Junior	Let's go.

Mbali	This is bullshit!

Sindi	Stop being a nuisance! You can see what's going on here! Watch your language. 

Mbali	Really, Ma? Really?

Sindi	Is that what you’re worried about?

Mbali	My language? Your evil husband sent a bomb to Soshanguve to kill people, and you are worried about my language?

Hendrik	Hey! Shut up! 

Mbali	No! I’m sick of you!

Hendrik	Listen here, since you have no idea what's going on here, no one is going to die from that bomb. We're using it as leverage to leave this country.

Sindi	He's right, my child. We're using it as leverage to get out of here.

Mbali	Oh, my God! You’re all sick! I don’t want to be a part of this family! I'm out! Do you hear me? I'm out!

Hendrik	If you walk out of that door, I’ll blow your head off. I brought you into this world  and I can also end you. Sit down!

Mbali	You know what, you make me sick! You have an evil heart! You're doing all this for yourself! Yet you try to convince us that it’s for us!

Hendrik	Are you talking to me like that? Huh?

Mbali	I don't care what you do to me! 

Hendrik	Are you talking to me like that?

Mbali	Don't touch me! 

Hendrik	Are you talking to me like that? Have you forgotten I'm your father? 

Mbali	You're a murderer! You're a murderer! 

Hendrik	Are you talking to me like that?

Mbali	I don't care! You are Satan! Let go of me!

President Mulaudzi	We need to find that bomb!

Thabang	I'll do it.

President Mulaudzi	Do what?

Thabang	I'll go to Soshanguve, find the bomb and defuse it.

President Mulaudzi	You really believe you can do that?

Thabang	Madam President, I was born and raised in Soshanguve. I live there. The task force, SAPS and the bomb squad don't know that township as well as I do.

SBU	Mntungwa. 

President Mulaudzi	Commander. Give him your gun.

SBU	Commander?

President Mulaudzi	Give him your gun. He's going to need it there. Thabang, do your best. Good luck.

Thabang	Thank you, Madam President.

Bridget	Let's go.

Thabang	Bridget, you know how dangerous Soshanguve is.

Bridget	I don't care. 

Thabang	Bridget!

Bridget	I'm not letting you do this alone. Let's go.

Thabang	Bridge.

Hendrik	Hello, son.

Junior	We are in Soshanguve.

Hendrik	Good. Well done, gents. As soon as you leave the bomb there, go straight to Waterkloof.

Junior	See you there, Dad. Bye. Bra'Mos, it's time to hit the road  and get out of Soshanguve.

Moses	Huh? My boy!

Bhambatha	Leader. How about some wine to set the mood?

Hendrik	I'd appreciate it.

Bhambatha	Here you go. You know, I still can't believe you never gave me that wine farm in Stellenbosch. Do you remember it? The one the State appropriated.

Hendrik	I didn't want to upset the Stellenbosch mafia. They control South Africa's economy.

Bhambatha	The sunset clause was a farce.

Hendrik	It’s not like you wanted to be a farmer. You just wanted to take everything the Afrikaners had.

Bhambatha	That's because they denied it to us for years. What else were we supposed to do? You know, the funny thing is that De Klerk was smart, but he was never good with speeches. As for PW Botha, he was stubborn.

Hendrik	Where did you see the speech?

Bhambatha	From one of the documents in this house. And when I read it, I realised that De Klerk was level-headed compared to PW Botha. PW Botha was stubborn.

Hendrik	That speech irritates me. Because we knew then that we had to be ready for war at any minute. But that’s all in the past. Now we're dealing with the bomb in Soshanguve. If Mulaudzi give into our demands, we’ll be out of here.

Bhambatha	Of course.

Thabang	Are you okay?

Bridget	Yes, just thinking that 8 hours ago, I was worried about being late for work, after dropping off the child.

Thabang	And now we're looking for a bomb.

Bridget	Yeah. I feel like I’m  in a bad Harrison Ford film. How did we get here?

Thabang	It all started when our leaders lied to us and looted our money. But you know what, we'll find this bomb. And end it, today. What? Did I say something wrong?

Bridget	No. Maybe Dineo was right.

Thabang	About what?

Bridget	Things haven't been okay  between you and me... we fought and  were barely speaking, and I had written you off, but our daughter never lost faith. In her eyes, you are always a hero. And after seeing you saving  the President and helping the people, I know she's right. You are a hero.

Thabang	I'm not a hero, Bridge. Not today. My mom is dead because of me, Moses and Hendrik are out there in the streets, running free. I can't be a hero. Not today.

Bridget	It will be over soon.

Thabang	That won't bring my mother back.

Bridget	Do you think we'll find the bomb?

Thabang	To be honest, I'm not sure.

Bridget	I'm not sure either. We're looking for a bakkie without a number plate, in a township full of bakkies without number plates. Where do we start?

Thabang	Like the police said, there's only one bakkie that forced its way into Soshanguve. That's the bakkie we're looking for.

Bridget	I know that, but...

Thabang	What? If we don't find the bakkie, surely they left the bomb somewhere. We'll find it. But they can't run out of the township. Everyone saw them on TV. They have no way out. We'll find that bomb.

News Anchor	It's our understanding... belonging to Bambatha Zondo, brother to the fugitive former President Zondo.

President Mulaudzi	Switch off that thing. Ranaka is convinced that Zondo has sent the bomb to Soshanguve. You may be seated. He's on his way there, as we speak. He'll try to find the bomb and defuse it before it's too late.

Minister of Finance	Madam President, there's a lot at stake here. What if he fails?

President Mulaudzi	We don't know that for sure. We can only hope. I trust him, so I need you to trust him too. Let's trust that he'll get there in time, find it and defuse it... before Zondo flees.

Minister of Finance	I don't know. This...Maybe there's something we can do, instead of waiting here. We could try to stall him.

President Mulaudzi	We're going to play Zondo's games, if he wants to play. We play along with the demands and do as he says for now. Have you been able to organise his transport?

SBU	It's ready, Ma'am.

President Mulaudzi	Okay. We're on the right track.

Hendrik	I thought you'd forgotten about me.

President Mulaudzi	Right. You know these things take time. Your transport is ready. The helicopter is on its way, and the plane is getting refuelled, as we speak.

Hendrik	You're running out of time. You’ve got two hours left, before I blow up Soshanguve.

President Mulaudzi	Oh please, Zondo! There's no need for threats!

Hendrik	Hence I'm saying hurry up. Time is not on your side. Listen, if you must know, there'll be enough space for one more person.

President Mulaudzi	You've lost your mind.

Hendrik	There is no telling how this day will end. If I were you, I'd consider the fact that...the very same Ministers standing by you right now might turn on you. They'll unseat you. But if you come to Abu Dhabi with me, you'll avoid suffering. Unless you want to be a pariah. Mthiyane. 

Bhambatha	Uh-huh?


Hendrik	You should start packing.

Bhambatha	Really?

Hendrik	Uh-huh. Things are looking up.

Sindi	Should I make you some food?

Mbali	The country is burning and you’re asking me about food. Open your eyes, Ma.

Sindi	Mbali, please. Let's not fight.

Mbali	Open my eyes for what? And see your husband for what he is. A heartless monster...willing to harm innocent people.

Sindi	Stop being melodramatic. Your father told you that he won't bomb anyone. He's just doing this to secure our way out of this country.

Mbali	That's rubbish, Ma. And you know it.

Sindi	Your father is not evil, my child. The person responsible for what's happening outside that door...is that President. She’s been hounding my husband for years. She won't give up. It's been one political scam after another year after year. She's the reason we are in this mess today.

Mbali	Fine. If you want to go with him, go. But please leave me behind.

Sindi	Your father won't allow that.

Mbali	I can't leave my country. This is my home. My whole life is here. I can't send myself to a self-imposed exile. I'm begging you, Ma. Don’t do this to me. Please.

Sindi	Okay, my girl. I'll try. I'll try to talk to him.

Cele	Thabang, Thabang, this is Cele. We came as fast as we could. More officers are on the way.

Thabang	Okay, tell your people to go and look for the suspects at Extension B. Dispatch another group to Extension D. We'll start on the east, from the gravesite...until the Mabopane Station.

Cele	Okay, Chief. I'll spread the word.

Thabang	Please tell them not to waste time. We need to find that bomb ASAP.

Junior	Bra'Mos, I wasn't really sure about this Abu Dhabi thing. But with this bomb, I know my dad will get all the money he wants from the President.

Moses  	You're excited about the money? 

Junior	It’s all about the money, Bra'Mos. As soon as we get to Abu Dhabi, we'll invite girls to entertain us. and enjoy the money. 

Moses	You're still a boy. All you think about is girls. No wonder you die young. Wait here. 

Junior	Hurry up, Bra'Mos.

Citizen	Get lost! Get away from my car!

Moses	Get out, bastard! Get lost!

Citizen	Shut up and get back into the house!

Moses	- That's my car! - I'll blow your head off.

Citizen	Get lost! That's my car! - Close the damn door!

Junior	Help!

Moses	Bra'Mos! I'll shoot you! Get lost! Get lost!

Citizen	Let's go!

Moses	Stop them! Hey, hey!

Junior	Dammit! Shoot them! No, no, no!

Moses	Talk to them!

Dogs	Let's talk, gents! You sold us dreams!

Sindi	You lied to us!

Bhambatha	Can we talk, dear? Oh!

Sindi	I'll give you space.

Hendrik	Okay. - Hello, my sister.

Sindi	I’m listening. Ngcoboka, Mthiyane, my Sokhulu.

Hendrik	I know you'd do anything for this family, my dear.

Sindi	Just get to the point. Can we please leave Mbali behind? Let's not take her to Abu Dhabi with us. My dear, her whole life is here. She doesn't want to go. Maybe when all of this is over,

Hendrik	she'll join us there.

Sindi	No. Please, Hendrik. What's the point forcing her, only for her to resent you and us...

Hendrik	for taking her away from her country of birth? You see everything that's happening today? This is all my effort to give you a better life. A poverty-free life.

Sindi	It's my effort. I know that, dear.

Hendrik	You, I and Junior can leave, but let's leave Mbali behind. Did you think before you speak? Are you listening to yourself? That child will be an outcast without us. What kind of life do you think she will have here? Sleep in the streets? Huh? No one will want to be associated with her because she's my child. I know she thinks  I’m an enemy right now, someone who hates her and wants the worst for her, but she'll thank me later.

Sindi	Anything else?

Dogs	No, my dear. You thought you were smart.

Thabang	You thought you'd get away with it? Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! Not like this, man! We can't end it like this!

Dogs	We can't take the law into our own hands! What are we supposed to do?

Thabang	They must die! I know Moses lied to you again and again! He was just trying to turn you against Mulaudzi’s government...

Dogs	for his own benefit. No!

Thabang	No! Look, I know we need to look out for ourselves, but we can't take the law into our own hands! These people...Wait! I know the government hasn't kept its promises, but we need these men alive. They have information that can save lives in Soshanguve.

Dogs	I'm begging you! Please listen to me!

Thabang	Let's burn them!

Mbali	Whoa! Whoa!

Sindi	He didn't agree, did he? Mm. Listen, I'm going to untie you.

Mbali	I want you to run to Aunt Petunia’s house in Mamelodi.

Sindi	Okay. 

Mbali	Go up the river stream.

Sindi	Don't go to the police, okay? - Okay, Ma.

Mbali	As soon as we're gone, go to the police, okay?

Sindi	Okay.

Hendrik	Hurry up!

Sindi	What the hell is going on here? Let the child go, Hendrik. 

Hendrik	Go where?

Sindi	She's pregnant! 

Hendrik	Where is she going?

Sindi	Hendrik, let her go! 

Hendrik	Get out of my way! We've been on the run for too long! 

Sindi	Come here!

Hendrik	You're not going anywhere! 

Sindi	You can't do that!

Mbali	You're not going anywhere! 

Hendrik	I'm sick of you, Hendrik! I want to go! 

Sindi	You're leaving here with us.

Mbali	You're leaving here with us. 

Sindi	Let her go, Hendrik!

Hendrik	Let go of me! - Please, Hendrik.

Dogs	Come here!

Thabang	Kill those dogs! Where is the bomb, Matseke?

Moses	I know you brought a bomb  in this township. Where is it?

Thabang	How did you serve the former President when you're this stupid?

Moses	I don’t have time for games. You hear me? I want the bomb. Chair for cheer, butter for fat. Take us to the airbase,

Thabang	and I’ll tell you where the bomb is, or you can forget about it.

Moses	So you can escape with this boy and Hendrik Zondo? Escape, my foot!

Thabang	Take us to the airbase. You’re not leaving Sosha. Take me where the bomb is or you can forget about leaving.

Moses	We will all die here!

Thabang	Then we’ll die.

Moses	you want us to die? - Thabang...Hey, fool! Shut up! Look, stop lying to the community that you care about. I know you're a sell-out. These people are ungrateful! The government has given them freedom, but they are greedy! Airbase, or else...

Thabang	nothing. You know what, Matseke. 

Moses	Yes, you are rubbish!

Thabang	Go to hell. 

Moses	You too! Throw him in the van. - Get lost, man!

President Mulaudzi	Jeez! It's Hendrik.

Hendrik	Zondo.

President Mulaudzi	It’s good to see that you still take my orders.

Hendrik	I've been told that the helicopter has arrived on your brother's farm. Now, tell your dogs standing outside the yard to behave, or else Soshanguve will burn.

President Mulaudzi	Am I clear?

Hendrik	Mr. Zondo, the police have been instructed not block the farm's entrance and exit.

President Mulaudzi	Did you brief them that the helicopter is taking me to the Waterkloof airbase?

Hendrik	Yes, as agreed. Good.

President Mulaudzi	You see? I told you no one would die if you listen to me and do as I say.

Hendrik	Goodbye, Hendrik. We're going now. Come! - Don't drag her.

Sindi	Leave me alone. Put on your shoes, we're leaving!

Hendrik	She's not going, Hendrik. Leave her alone! Hey! Put on your shoes. - Enough!

Thabang	Here. Put on your shoes.

President Mulaudzi	Madam President. Thabang,

Thabang	tell you’ve found the bomb.

President Mulaudzi	we have just apprehended Junior Zondo and Matseke.

Thabang	Then make them tell you  where the bomb is. They refuse to talk, Madam President.

President Mulaudzi	I'd hoped you’d give me permission to use force to get them to cooperate. No, no, Thabang. We can't do that. It's a democracy. We've left such things  way back in apartheid era.

Thabang	We have human rights these days.

President Mulaudzi	Madam President, people are going to die. Thabang, you’ve been a hero the whole day. I have faith in you. Now please, Ranaka, go and do everything you can to find that bomb, defuse it...and save people's lives in Soshanguve.

Thabang	I trust you. - Let me see what I can do. My community, let me tell you something. Those two men came back to Soshanguve with a bomb! They came here to plant a bomb, and they're not willing to tell us where it is. But we're going to work together to find that bomb. I was born and bred in Soshanguve. I care about Soshanguve, my people. Just as much as you do. That's why I need you to put your fears aside, and go from house to house, corner to corner and look for  a silver van without a number plate. After our investigations, we believe it has a bomb inside. Please, I beg of you. If you find it, don’t touch it. It's a very dangerous bomb. But not under our watch. We must fight for our Soshanguve. Please go and find that bomb.

Junior	What are we waiting for? Let’s go. Bra'Mos,

Moses	please tell me you’ve got a plan.

Junior	What do you want me to do?

Moses	My father. To hell with your coward of a father. Where is he now?

Junior	Where is he? My father will never leave me here. He’ll come back for me.

Moses	He’ll never leave me. You just have to admit that...it's over. Game over.

Bridget	Checkmate. Hey, hey.

Thabang	Calm down. I can't calm down, Bridget. There is a bomb in this community. I can't believe I've worked with Zondo before. I was such a fool. He's the same man who once  promised to protect the people.

Bridget	He swore. I know that. But Hendrik Zondo is a politician, and politicians lie. They say a little bit of this and a little bit of that, and somehow it makes sense. But that doesn't mean  you condoned his behaviour.

Thabang	He lied to you and you were not the first. He's been lying since 1994. I worked for him, Bridge. I thought he cared about our people. I thought he wanted a better life for our people - black people. Economic freedom, sanitary, toilets,

Bridget	good health. Look, my love, that means you have a good heart.

Dogs	It doesn't mean you are as evil as Zondo.

Bridget	We’ve found the bomb!

Mbali	We've found the bomb.  Over here! Please help me! I hate this man! 

Hendrik	Shut up!

Mbali	'm not going with you! - Stop trying to be some lousy hero. You're a murderer!

Sindi 	You're a dog!

Mbali	Hendrik, look at what we've become! 

Sindi	Let me go!

Mbali	You're hurting me! 

Sindi	Stop pulling her like that!

Mbali	Let go of me! 

Hendrik	Look at the mess you've gotten us into!

Mbali	Let go of me! - Shut up!

Sindi	You're going to kill my baby!

Mbali	Come on, Hendrik.

Sindi	Let go of me! - Don't drag her like that. You're harassing her.

Hendrik	Look at this mess!

Thabang	Hey! Everyone, get back!  I said get back! Everyone move!

Matlala	Matlala. 

Thabang	Sorry. Thank you so much. - We believe in you. Don't worry, I'll do all my best. Okay. Get back! Hold this. Yes? Madam President, we’ve located the bomb.

President Mulaudzi	It's in Soshanguve. Oh! Okay.

Thabang	Tell me, how much time do we have? It has 90 minutes remaining,  Madam President. We have 90 minutes to defuse the bomb, or everyone in Soshanguve will die.
