Radio Presenter	Hey. So we don't know if they're going to find him guilty or not guilty today.

Radio Presenter	Yeah. So listeners I'm going to take your calls and we can discuss this today.

Radio Presenter	Line one, hello?

News Anchor	Live from Randburg, Johannesburg, this is NNC.

News Anchor	A very warm good morning to you South Africa. And welcome to our special broadcast…

News Anchor	of what's been deemed as the trial of the decade.

News Anchor	Our former president Hendrik Zondo has been on trial. This at the Pretoria High Court.

News Anchor	Facing 12 charges of money laundering, fraud, corruption and racketeering.

News Anchor	And of course we do understand that this has been a political melodrama…

News Anchor	coming into effect from 2017, when the now former President Zondo was recalled from government

News Anchor	after the NPA charged him with being the mastermind…

News Anchor	behind the siphoning off of more than 1.2 billion rands…

News Anchor	that was earmarked for Tshwane Development Corridor.

News Anchor	Now this is an ambitious project...

News Anchor	that was meant to upgrade roads, sanitation, including service delivery…

News Anchor	across the Tshwane District.

News Anchor	It was hailed of course as the project that would turn Tshwane into Africa's very own Dubai…	

News Anchor	the city of the Millennial. But, it's been an exhausting…

Bridget	I don't know why you're so excited about spending your time in the township.

Dineo	I'm happy to see my dad and granny.

Dineo	That's all.

Bridget	Listen, I'm serious about what I said, okay?

Bridget	Please make sure that your dad and granny know your whereabouts at all times.

Bridget	And make sure you stay inside the yard, Dineo.

Bridget	I know you understand me, but one can't be too safe when there's a protest going on.

Bridget	And remember, baby, I'm just a phone call away, okay?

Dineo	Relax.

Dineo	You know that dad is cool.

News Anchor	We're now going to cross live to the Pretoria High Court where my colleague…

News Anchor	Marlize, a political editor will be giving us the latest.

News Anchor	Marlize, thank you so much for your time. What can you tell us today?

Political Reporter	Good morning. Today is the day South Africans find out the fate…

Political Reporter	of the beloved former president, President Zondo.

Political Reporter	And as you can see, many have come in droves.

Political Reporter	Those in support of the former president...

Political Reporter	believe that this is nothing more than a witch hunt of a man deemed the people's president.

Political Reporter	On the other hand those who don't support him...

Political Reporter	are sending a clear message through song. They're sick and tired of corruption…

Political Reporter	and want to see him incarcerated.

News Reporter	Is there any indication whatsoever on what either decision by the judge…

News Reporter	would mean for the country?

Political Reporter	You know, at this point, it's really difficult to say.

Political Reporter	But what we do know is that the current president, President Mulaudzi…

Political Reporter	has been intent on stamping out corruption since coming into office two years ago.

Political Reporter	Analysts believe a guilty verdict will send a clear message…

Political Reporter	that government is serious about fighting corruption.

President Mulaudzi	Do excuse me for keeping you waiting.

President Mulaudzi	Sit.

President Mulaudzi	This is going to be a quick one. We don't have time.

President Mulaudzi	We all know that...

President Mulaudzi	Judge Mboweni will be delivering the verdict on comrade Zondo's case shortly.

President Mulaudzi	It's quite clear, comrade Zondo is one of us.

President Mulaudzi	We've come a long way with him. We were in the trenches together.

President Mulaudzi	He's part of our movement.

President Mulaudzi	I've heard the mutterings which says...

Minster of Finance	Yes, Madam President...

President Mulaudzi	Now, comrade Zondo is a cadre.

President Mulaudzi	A very big part of our movement.

President Mulaudzi	Comrade Zondo is also a South African citizen.

President Mulaudzi	Every citizen...

President Mulaudzi	must abide by the law.

President Mulaudzi	Our dear comrade Zondo committed a crime.

President Mulaudzi	He must pay for it.

Hendrik	Don't worry.

Hendrik	Today I'm getting out of here.

Sindi	I was talking to my mother. She's praying for us.

Mbali	Dad doesn't need prayers.

Mbali	Everyone knows that he's innocent.

Mbali	President Mulaudzi can tell all the lies she believes about you.

Mbali	But the judge is independent enough not to be bought by the weak-ass president.

Hendrik	That's what I've been trying to tell your mother. It's been three months now but still 

nothing.

Hendrik	Listen, calm down.

Hendrik	This is easy. All that's left is for Judge Mboweni to use his little brain to…

Hendrik	see that this is all political games.

Hendrik	Don't worry.

Hendrik	They're going to drop all the charges.

Hendrik	And I'll be free.

Sindi	Let's pray.

Sindi	Father Lord, we come before You at this minute.

Sindi	Messiah, we're calling upon Your mighty name.

Sindi	I'm asking You, Lord, to free my husband from these shackles.

Sindi	Free his name from this dark shadow.

Sindi	And from all his enemies who are trying to see him down and taint him.

Sindi	They must never succeed.

Gladys	Make me happy.

Thabang	I want everything to be perfect, Ma.

Gladys	My child, everything will be fine and perfect. Don't worry.

Gladys	Here.

Thabang	But, Ma, I have not seen her for a long time. I miss her.

Thabang	The last time I saw her was the time Bridget and I…

News Anchor	...poking holes in Mr. Ranaka's testimony...

News Anchor	revealing that he was Just as implicated as the president.

News Anchor	Further accusing him of using State resources to spy on critics of the former president…

News Anchor	bribing community leaders and intimidating witnesses.

News Anchor	He was revealed to be a man who uses excessive violence to silence those in opposition…

News Anchor	of the corruption that was taking place at Mahlamba Ndlopfu.

President Mulaudzi	I thought it would be appropriate to go out...

President Mulaudzi	to Soshanguve to address the residents there.

President Mulaudzi	And assure them that we...

President Mulaudzi	Speak up.

Katlego	This trip is unauthorized.

Katlego	And you know how the residents of Soshanguve are. They're currently fighting.

Katlego	About the lack of service delivery.

Katlego	We have not checked if it is safe.

President Mulaudzi	At a time like this I don't need to be hiding.

President Mulaudzi	This is a perfect time for me to go to Soshanguve and ask for forgiveness.

President Mulaudzi	And explain to that community...

President Mulaudzi	that we're going to come back and do what we've promised to deliver for them.

President Mulaudzi	Make it quick there.

Moses	There we go, gentlemen. Sure.

Moses	Comrades...

Moses	maybe some of you were still young...

Moses	when we toppled this government by force.

Moses	Let me remind you what happened in 1980.

Moses	We made this country ungovernable.

Minister of Police	I hear you. And then as much as I agree with you,

Minister of Police	I don't think it's a good idea for you to go to Shosanguve.

Minister of Police	It's risky.

Minister of Police	Those guys have no peace. Do you want them to have peace?

President Mulaudzi	They must have peace, Minister?

President Mulaudzi	Would you have peace if you were from that community?

President Mulaudzi	They were stolen from.

President Mulaudzi	The whole 1.2 billion rand of money...

President Mulaudzi	that was meant to change the lives of that community.

President Mulaudzi	Gone, while we were watching.

President Mulaudzi	If we're saying to them we're serious about a fight against corruption…

President Mulaudzi	I have to go there.

President Mulaudzi	And ask for forgiveness.

President Mulaudzi	And apologise for what was done wrong, and assure them that we'll fix this.

President Mulaudzi	And fight corruption, but also find a way of bringing that development…

President Mulaudzi	that they lost because of this very corruption.

Moses	Since 1994 this government has been feeding us lies.

Moses	Right now this dog called Hendrik...

Moses	five years ago promised us houses and jobs.

Moses	Where are they now? Only to find out that behind the curtain…

Moses	he's busy stealing 1.2 billion rands.

Moses	He ate it with his people, while us here in Sosha we have nothing.

Moses	Let us make sure that we stop this whole thing. Show her that we're the real dogs.

Moses	This shit must end. Whether they like it or not.

Thabang	My girl.

Dineo	Dad.

Thabang	My little girl.

Dineo	It's been a while.

Thabang	My little girl.

Bridget	Hello, ma.

Bridget	Are you well?

Bridget	I'm fine.

Gladys	Dineo.

Gladys	Come say hello to granny, otherwise I won't show you what your father has bought for you.

Gladys	Come, granny's girl.

Gladys	Hello, my child.

Gladys	Come.

Bridget	Bye-bye, baby. I love you. Call me, okay?

Thabang	How are you?

Bridget	I'm in the township, Thabang.

Bridget	At this time.

Bridget	I'm meant to be at work,

Bridget	but I had to drop off your child, the one you promised to pick up.

Thabang	Sorry.

Thabang	I had car issues.

Thabang	That's why I thought I'd send an Uber.

Bridget	Uber?

Bridget	In the township?

Bridget	You really wanted our child to come here alone, in an Uber?

Bridget	With these protests that are happening now?

Thabang	Come on, Bridget.

Thabang	They're peaceful protests. Nobody is hurting anyone.

Thabang	Don't worry.

Thabang	I'll look after her.

Bridget	Really?

Thabang	Bridget, if you have something to say to me, please just say it.

Thabang	And stop with your nonsense comments. I'm trying my level best.

Thabang	You don't have to spit in my face.

Bridget	Spit in your face?

Bridget	Do you ever hear the way you speak to me?

Bridget	Do you, Thabang?

Thabang	Bridget...

Bridget	I can't. I really can't. I can't stand this nonsense.

Bridget	Here.

Thabang	I thought you and I could still work things out.

Bridget	Work things out?

Bridget	After everything you've put me through?

Bridget	What's there to work out?

Bridget	Just...

Bridget	Please sign the papers. My lawyers will be in touch.

Thabang	Just like that?

Thabang	You're leaving?

Thabang	Bridget.

Thabang	Bridge.


Thabang	Dineo's mother.

Political Reporter 	We have word that the president and his family have arrived.

Political Reporter 	Let's see if we can get a comment from the president himself.

Political Reporter 	President Zondo, how do you feel about Judge Mboweni's verdict?

Hendrik	I've always asked for my day in court.

Political Reporter 	How are you feeling? Any concerns that you'll be convicted?

Hendrik	Convicted for what? Lies?

Hendrik	I'm going to walk out of this courtroom free.

Hendrik	Everyone knows that this case has been nothing but a political scam…

Hendrik	to remove me from office.

Hendrik	I've served my country with dignity.

Political Reporter	Who do you think is behind it, President?

Hendrik	Who else? President Mulaudzi.

Hendrik	She and her cronies disregarded the will of the people…

Hendrik	and concocted baseless cases against me.

Hendrik	My hands are clean.

Hendrik	And this court is going to prove that.

Hendrik	Power!

Hendrik	To the people!

Thabang	Dineo.

Dineo	Papa.

Thabang	Do you like your room, my baby?

Dineo	I love it.

Gladys	Come help granny with breakfast. I'm starving.

Dineo	Do you have atchar, granny?

Gladys	It's finished, my child.

Gladys	But I have some fatcakes, some polony and tomatoes.

Gladys	Breakfast.

Judge Mboweni	The greatest injustice that has followed many African countries…

Judge Mboweni	post independence...

Judge Mboweni	is the disease of corruption.

Judge Mboweni	Democracy in South Africa...

Judge Mboweni	is meant to improve the lives of all the people who lived in it.

Judge Mboweni	When a President takes an oath of office...

Judge Mboweni	they vow to uphold and defend the Constitution of the Republic.

Judge Mboweni	May the accused rise.

Judge Mboweni	This court...

Judge Mboweni	has weighed all the evidence presented to this courtroom.

Judge Mboweni	And on charge one of corruption...

Judge Mboweni	this court finds the accused guilty.

Judge Mboweni	And on the charge of money laundering and racketeering…

Judge Mboweni	also guilty.

Bridget	Madam President, I'm so sorry I'm late. My daughter had…

President Mulaudzi	Bridget, one of these days you're going to have to really choose…

President Mulaudzi	if you want to be my spokesperson or your daughter's mother.

President Mulaudzi	Where's my speech?

Bridget	Sorry, Madam President.

President Mulaudzi	It's fine. I'll read in the car.

President Mulaudzi	We're late.

Somalian Guy	But let me guess. You want some of my atchar.

Thabang	You know her very well.

Thabang	Later on maybe I can bring her.

Somalian Guy	No, no, no problem. You bring her by I'll solve her. Don't worry.

Thabang	Here's your money.

Somalian Guy	Man, you're short.

Thabang	No, man...


Thabang	I'll give it to you next time.

Somalian Guy	There's always a next time with you.

Thabang	Girl.

Thabang	Hey.

Thabang	Little girl.

Prison Official 1	Right.

Prison Official 1	We welcome you to your new home, sir.

Hendrik	Do you have DSTV here?

Prison Official 1	Go and change, you idiot.

Prison Official 1	Do you think we're a joke to you?

Katlego	Give me the fourth feed there.

Female Analyst	This one?

Katlego	Alright.

Katlego	Our convoy will take the Mabopane highway.

Katlego	And then it's going to off-ramp here.

Katlego	I want you close to the president.

Katlego	Do you hear me?

Analysts 	Yes, sir!

Katlego	Do you understand?

Analysts	Yes, sir!

Katlego	Don't ever leave her side.

Katlego	If you feel there's something wrong, get her out.

Analysts	Yes, sir!

Katlego	Alright. Let's go, gentlemen.

Katlego	Let's go protect the president!

Moses	Hey, young man.

Karabo	They will use Mabopane highway. They'll take Mkhakhase street.

Moses	How many are they?

Karabo	It's the same routine I told you about.

Karabo	But they'll be watching her when she addresses the community.

Moses	That's great.

Karabo	Chief...

Moses	It's time to bite back!

Moses 	We attack.

President Mulaudzi	Bridget.

President Mulaudzi	Bridget!

Bridget	Sorry, Ma'am.

President Mulaudzi	This is not the speech we discussed.

Bridget	Yes Ma'am, I changed it.

Bridget	Your previous one sounded like an apology.

President Mulaudzi	Because it was an apology, Bridget.

Bridget	Madam President, we can't apologize for money we didn't steal.

President Mulaudzi	You know what the problem is with this country?

President Mulaudzi	Is that from a long time ago...

President Mulaudzi	we found it far too convenient...

President Mulaudzi	to never take ownership of our screw ups.

President Mulaudzi	These people...

President Mulaudzi	Our government stole from them.

President Mulaudzi	We stole so much more than just money.

President Mulaudzi	And now you want me to address these people...

President Mulaudzi	And give them some empty spin...

President Mulaudzi	without foundation.

President Mulaudzi	I can't do that.

Bridget	I understand, Madam President.

Bridget	But as your spokesperson it is my job...

President Mulaudzi	This feels like some press release for City Press or Isolezwe.

Bridget	I'm sorry, Madam President.

Prison Official 1	Put that Rolex in here.

Hendrik	What do you want?

Hendrik	Do you think I'll give you this watch? Knowing how much you steal here?

Prison Official 1	Look here...

Prison Official 1	you can be a boss and a president in Parliament…

Prison Official 1	but here... I am the boss.

Prison Official 1	Now...

Prison Official 1	Watch.

Prison Official 1	Cellphone.

Prison Official 1	Here.

Hendrik	You also want my cellphone, now?

Hendrik	What are you going to do with my phone?

Hendrik	I won't give it to you, you know that. What are you going to do with my cellphone?

Prison Official 1	Your cellphone or I tell them to lay hands on you.

Prison Official 1	Put it here.

Hendrik	You will regret this.

Prison Official 1	Good boy, my boy.

Prison Official 1	Now go.

Prison Official 1	Off you go.

Prison Official 1	Let's go, Mr. President.

News Reporter	Well, this has indeed been a dramatic day for politics in South Africa.

News Reporter	The news of the former president Zondo's conviction…

News Reporter	has been trending on all social media platforms.

News Reporter	And we do have reporters all over the country...

News Reporter	to get reaction of this breaking story.

News Reporter	Now, just the office of the presidency as well...

News Reporter	just confirming that President Mulaudzi...

News Reporter	will be making a trip to Soshanguve.

News Reporter	One of the communities that was meant to benefit from the Tshwane Development Corridor.	

News Reporter	The President is going to address the community…

News Reporter	after the shocking verdict that Judge Mboweni delivers.

News Reporter	We now cross live to Soshanguve where...

News Reporter	our reporter Khumbuzile Thabethe is standing by.

News Reporter	Khumbuzile, thank you for your time.

News Reporter	What is the feeling about President Mulaudzi's visit this morning?

Reporter 1	As you can see, Thembekile...

Reporter 1	The community of Soshanguve...

Reporter 1	has given the new President...

Dineo	Granny, this is so good.

Gladys	I'm glad you like it.

Gladys	Let me go fetch cheese.

Dineo	All my mother and I ever eat are the veggies.

Thabang	Dineo.

Thabang	Here's atchar, my girl.

Dineo	Papa, are you okay?

Thabang	I'm fine. I'm just happy that you finally came home.

Thabang	I know your mother doesn't like the township.

Dineo	you know what I once did?

Thabang	What?

Dineo	I went to her and said...

Dineo	Mama...

Dineo	And she said "Oh no, my Dineo".

Dineo	Sold.

Thabang	You like pulling your mother's leg.

Dineo	Done.

Thabang	Ma, please don't forget the spoon for atchar.

Dineo	I was fetching it.

Dineo	So when are you coming back?

Dineo	I know she misses you.

Dineo	It's just that she's stubborn, you know her.

Dineo	I think that's her.

Dineo	She said she was coming with the president.

Dineo	I heard on the news.

Dineo	Dad, can I go and hear the president's speech?

Thabang	No man, Dineo.

Thabang	You know your mother doesn't like it when we come to her work.

Thabang	We can watch the speech on TV.

Thabang	Just sit down, I'll pray and we eat.

President Mulaudzi	The Minister of police...

President Mulaudzi	didn't want me to come here.

President Mulaudzi	They think it's a dangerous move.

President Mulaudzi	Do you agree with them?

Bridget	Soshanguve is not like Alex.

Bridget	I grew up here and Thabang

President Mulaudzi	The divorce.

President Mulaudzi	How is it going?

President Mulaudzi	Bridget.

President Mulaudzi	Thabang is not a bad person.

President Mulaudzi	I'm sure there's a way...

President Mulaudzi	that you guys can find each other again and work things out.

Bridget	How can I fix this, Ma'am?

Bridget	After what he has done?

President Mulaudzi	He has helped us a lot in this Zondo trial.

President Mulaudzi	It was his testimony especially that helped us put him away.

President Mulaudzi	He helped us.

President Mulaudzi	Without him we wouldn't have achieved that.

Gladys	You look like a dead person. What's wrong?

Gladys	Thabang,

Gladys	I'm talking to you.

Thabang	Ma?

Gladys	Ever since your wife dropped your child you've been having this long face. What's wrong?

Gladys	Is she crazy?

Gladys	I thought you guys would work things out and get back together.

Gladys	Does Dineo know?

Gladys	Here.

Gladys	And?

Thabang	I also thought we were going to fix things.

Thabang	But I guess we were both wrong.

Thabang	I guess she's expecting me to tell Dineo about this.

Thabang	But I don't know where to begin.

Thabang	Where do I start?

Thabang	It'll break her heart, Mama.

Gladys	I'm sorry, my child.

Gladys	I'm sorry.

President Mulaudzi	Bridget...

President Mulaudzi	Wish me good luck.

President Mulaudzi	Hello, granny.

President Mulaudzi	Granny, shouldn't you have sent your kids rather than coming on your own in this cold?

Old Woman	I don't have kids nor a home.

Old Woman	That's why I came here to hear the lies from our government about houses we don't have.

President Mulaudzi	Granny doesn't have a house?

Old Woman	Yes, I don't have one.

President Mulaudzi	I promise you today, you will get your house by the end of the week.

President Mulaudzi	you hear me?

Old Woman	I hear you, my child.

President Mulaudzi	Okay, granny. Can someone get granny's details please?

President Mulaudzi	Power!

President Mulaudzi	Hello.

Protesters	Hello. Hello, President.

President Mulaudzi	My fellow people...

President Mulaudzi	I come before you...

President Mulaudzi	in the flesh.

President Mulaudzi	With great humility...

President Mulaudzi	I know that...

President Mulaudzi	as your government...

President Mulaudzi	most of the times when you cry nobody hears you.

President Mulaudzi	Yes!

President Mulaudzi	Most times when you would cry we would look aside.

President Mulaudzi	As your president...

President Mulaudzi	I came to you tell that I have heard on the news today…

President Mulaudzi	that our former president, Mr. Hendrik Zondo...

President Mulaudzi	was found guilty...

President Mulaudzi	of corruption.

President Mulaudzi	He's going to serve time for that.

Dineo	Dad, there's Mama.

Dineo	There she is.

Dineo	I told her not to wear that jacket.

Dineo	She never listens.

President Mulaudzi	I know we could've handled the Tshwane Development Corridor project better.

President Mulaudzi	I stand before you to assure you that what happened before…

President Mulaudzi	for three years...

President Mulaudzi	we're going to fix it.

President Mulaudzi	Fix what?

President Mulaudzi	But before we speak about fixing...

President Mulaudzi	allow me to say to the entire nation of South Africa…

President Mulaudzi	and the residents of Soshanguve...

President Mulaudzi	we're sorry. Please do forgive us.

President Mulaudzi	As your president, I beg for your forgiveness.

Protesters	Just build the houses!

President Mulaudzi	I know an apology is just not enough.

President Mulaudzi	You will see better roads from now on, and not roads with potholes…

President Mulaudzi	whenever there's rain.

President Mulaudzi	I promise you that the bucket system is going to be eradicated.

President Mulaudzi	Without wasting any time.

Moses	Lies!

Moses	The former president once came here and told us lies!

Moses	And here you are telling us lies, too.

President Mulaudzi	Listen to me, and let me finish. I'm not Zondo.

Moses	Since 1994 the government has been lying to us. Busy saying this and that.

Katlego	Wait, what's going on here?

Female Analyst:	I'm not too sure, sir.

Katlego	Damn it, man.

Katlego	No, no, no.

Katlego	Karabo.

Katlego	Karabo.

Moses	Look, we still live in shacks. We live in the gutter!

President Mulaudzi	This is the new administration of the president Mulaudzi.

Moses	What do you want us to say to you? Look...

Moses 	 Power! To the people!

Crowd	Power!

Dineo	Granny!

Dineo	Dad, come and see.

Dineo	Come and see.

Gladys	What now?

Dineo	The people look angry.

Gladys	There's smoke.

Gladys	They're burning things again.

Thabang	Be careful at that window.

Thabang	If the smoke gets worse use those cushions to cover your face.

Katlego	What's going on here?

Katlego	No, man. Mzwandile!

Katlego	Karabo!

Katlego	Mzwandile, does anybody have eyes on the President?

Moses	Madam President...

Moses	Madam Secretary...

Moses 	after you.

Moses	Please.

Bridget	Okay, okay.

News Anchor	Excuse me, South Africa...

Thabang	I don't know what's happening with the mother of my child, but I will get her back.

Thabang	Phalane...

Thabang	talk to me, man.

News Anchor	It seems chaotic at this very point.

Dogs	Let's go, let's go!

Dogs	We got the money here.

Dogs	Here she comes.

Dogs	Let's go.

Dogs	Okay.

Dogs	Do you know what is a shack? Okay for what? Let's go.

Dogs	Move your ass!

Dineo	Okay, okay.

Dogs	you think you know us.

Dogs	Hold this.

Dogs	It's really you.

Dogs	Come, I want your hands.

Dogs	What are you waiting for?

Dogs	There are people outside!

President Mulaudzi	I'm not Zondo.

President Mulaudzi	Don't you see that I'm a President of the country?

Moses	We want this money.

President Mulaudzi	You think you're going to get away with this?

President Mulaudzi	Moses.

Bridget	You know him?

Moses	Long time no see.

Moses	We were in MK together during the struggle.

President Mulaudzi	I thought you were in prison.

Moses	We'll talk later.

Moses	Madam President.

Moses	Madam...

Moses	I have a speech here.

Moses	You have to read it.

Moses	And address the nation.

Moses	I'm really sorry. As you can see, things are very hard here.

Moses	Here you go.

President Mulaudzi	Do you think I'm mad?

President Mulaudzi	I won't read this trash.

President Mulaudzi	You're crazy.

Moses	You will read this trash.

Moses	Or else...

Moses	this spokesperson of yours...

Moses	I will shoot her in the head.

Moses	Do you hear me?

Minster of Finance	Deputy, this has been planned.

Deputy President	What?

Minster of Finance	I'm saying this is a coup.

Deputy President	What?

Minster of Police	Coup in South Africa? This is not the DRC.

News Anchor	News has just come in. We can exclusively…

Minster of Police	I told her not to go to Soshanguve.

Minster of Police	I told her it's not safe there.

News Anchor	...which proves that President Mulaudzi, South Africa's 5th democratically elected president..	

News Anchor	has indeed been kidnapped.

Minster of Police 	They're not saying anything.

Minster of Police	We have to do something.

Minster of Police	We have to act.

Minster of Police	Deputy, what do we do?

President Mulaudzi	Good morning, fellow South Africans.

President Mulaudzi	I...

President Mulaudzi	am speaking to you on behalf of the Dogs of Soshanguve.

President Mulaudzi	We have shut down Soshanguve.

President Mulaudzi	If anyone tries to stage a rescue...

President Mulaudzi	 your President will die.

Gladys	 Where are you going, Thabang? Come back!

President Mulaudzi	 If you send SANDF...

Gladys	Thabang!

President Mulaudzi	your president will die.

President Mulaudzi	Government has stolen...

President Mulaudzi	1.2 billion rand from the Tshwane Development Corridor project…

President Mulaudzi	which was meant to uplift our community.

President Mulaudzi	Leaving us to continue to live like dogs.

President Mulaudzi	Today, we're demanding our money back.

President Mulaudzi	Government has two hours to deliver 1.2 billion rand in cash…

President Mulaudzi	in Soshanguve.

President Mulaudzi	Government has failed to deliver on their promises. We now want our money.

President Mulaudzi	We will distribute it amongst each other ourselves.

President Mulaudzi	If any of our demands...

President Mulaudzi	are not met...

President Mulaudzi	your president will die.

President Mulaudzi	Bring back our money now.
