Thabang	I thought you and I could still work things out?

Bridget	Just...

Bridget	Please sign the papers. My lawyers will be in touch.

Thabang	Just like that?

President Mulaudzi	This is not the speech I approved.

Bridget	Yes Ma'am, I changed it.

Bridget	Your previous one sounded like an apology.

President Mulaudzi	It's cause it was an apology, Bridget. for money we didn't steal.

Bridget	Madam President, we can't apologize

Bridget	for money we didn't steal.

Judge Mboweni	This court...

Judge Mboweni	finds the accused guilty...

Judge Mboweni	from charge one of corruption.

News Anchor	The current president,

News Anchor	President Mulaudzi,

News Anchor	has been intent on stamping out corruption,

News Anchor	since coming to office two years ago.

Karabo	Madam President,

Karabo	Madam President,

Karabo	After you.

President Mulaudzi	Government has stolen 1.2 billion rand from the Tshwane Development Corridor Project,

President Mulaudzi	which was meant to uplift our community.

President Mulaudzi	Leaving us to continue to live like dogs.

President Mulaudzi	Today we're demanding our money back.

President Mulaudzi	Government has two hours to deliver 1.2 billion rand in cash.

President Mulaudzi	We will distribute it amongst each other ourselves.

President Mulaudzi	If any of our demands

President Mulaudzi	are not met,

President Mulaudzi	your president will die.

President Mulaudzi	Bring back our money now!

News Anchor	President Mulaudzi, South Africa's 5th democratically elected president,

News Anchor	has indeed, been kidnapped.

News Anchor	As previous reported,

News Anchor	the video of the president in captivity,

News Anchor	was shared by this page which

News Anchor	has gotten over a million followers

News Anchor	since its broadcast.

News Anchor	Police are urging that, if anyone

News Anchor	anyone at all has any information

News Anchor	that they kindly call this number, that's on their screen right now.

Gladys	Thabang. My son, please don't go. Thabang. My son, please don't go.

Gladys	Put that gun away. You'll be in trouble again. I'm begging you.

Thabang	Ma,

Thabang	I need to find my wife.

Gladys	Thabang, please don't do this. Please.

Gladys	Please, my son. I'm begging you.

Thabang	Ma...

Thabang	Make sure you keep the windows closed.

Gladys	We're begging you.

Gladys	Lock this door.

Thabang	Don't go.

Gladys	Yes.

Thabang	Don't open for anyone.

Gladys	Please leave this, Thabang. I'm begging you, my son!

Thabang	Ma...

Gladys	I'm begging you, Thabang.

Gladys	Thabang...

Gladys	I release you, my son. Go with God, but this?

Thabang	I'll be back, ma.

Gladys	I am begging you.

Thabang	I'll be back shortly.

Gladys	Thabang...

Gladys	Thabang, my son...

Gladys	Come here, my child.

Katlego	Minister...

Katlego	we're going to need some reinforcements right now.

Katlego	I don't know. They've blocked the whole place.

Katlego	We can't even go through.

Katlego	They're burning stuff. We don't know what to do.

Katlego	We've tried putting someone in there. But nothing is happening.

Moses	You're still working for that president...

Moses	who's an idiot?

Bridget	Please don't rape us.

Dogs	You seem to be a problem.

Dogs	Stop giving us a hard time here.

President Mulaudzi	Is this even necessary?

Moses	we didn't come here with crap.

Moses	We want what we want.

President Mulaudzi	You're a fool, Moses.

President Mulaudzi	You know very well that the government doesn't negotiate with terrorists.

Moses	That's what you call us?

Moses	Terrorists?

Moses	When you're in your fancy offices with those tables…

Moses	that are so expensive. You call us terrorists.

Moses	Sister...

Moses	Let me tell you...

Moses	We didn't fight for this crap.

Moses	We fought for economic freedom.

Moses	Not this nonsense you're giving us

President Mulaudzi	Hey!

President Mulaudzi	If you had allowed me to finish my speech...

President Mulaudzi	you would've known that I came here

President Mulaudzi	to relaunch the very same project you're talking about.

Moses	I heard your lousy speech.

Moses	Relaunch, relaunch. Is that what you're always talking about?

President Mulaudzi	Tell me...

President Mulaudzi	You've told yourself that

President Mulaudzi	you're going to kidnap us, hold us hostage here…

President Mulaudzi	The whole president!

President Mulaudzi	I knew it was going to be like this.

Moses	When did you become this short-sighted, Moses?

Moses	You're full of promises.

Moses	But delivery?

Moses	Nothing.

Moses	It's like you take this money...

Moses	left, right and centre.

Moses	You don't take it, you snatch it.

President Mulaudzi	You know well that Hendrik has been sentenced.

President Mulaudzi	It's over.

President Mulaudzi	What do you think is going to happen to you?

President Mulaudzi	They're going to kill you and all your little dogs of boys.

Moses	Are you talking about that little dog of a deputy called Cashius Ndlovu?

Moses	He is so weak.

Moses	If I go down...


Moses	I've never seen something like this.

Deputy President	If I go down...

Deputy President	I'm going down with you.

Deputy President	I've never seen something like this.

Deputy President	I've never seen kidnapping in South Africa.

Deputy President	What do we do now?

Minister of Police 	With all due respect, Gatsheni.

Minister of Police 	This is not the time to be blaming each other.

Minister of Police 	Our president has been kidnapped and we need to bring her back safely.

Deputy President	Okay, but what are you suggesting?

Minster of Police	I'm meeting with Intelligence immediately after this.

Minster of Police	And then we'll be sending in different teams.

Deputy President	Different teams?

Deputy President	Didn't you hear anything on that video?

Deputy President	Didn't you get what they said?

Deputy President	Do you want them to hurt the president?

Deputy President	Do you want them to kill her?

Minster of Police	We have to do something.

Minster of Police	And I hope you're not suggesting that we negotiate with the terrorists.

Deputy President	I am suggesting we do what's right,

Deputy President	so the president can be safe.

Minster of Police	And the only way to do achieve that is to act fast and unexpectedly.

Minster of Police	We have to find out who's leading this movement.

Deputy President	So...

Deputy President	do you know who's leading this movement?

Minster of Police	No.

Deputy President	Is there something you're not telling  us?

Minster of Police	No, we're investigating.

Deputy President	Nthabeng.

Deputy President	How much is in the vault? In cash. How much?

Minster of Police	Chief...

Minster of Police	So we're giving up?

Deputy President	Answer my question.

Minster of Finance	I don't know, Deputy. I don't. I'm asking you a question. Answer me!

Minster of Finance	I'll go and ask.

Deputy President	Go and ask how much.

News Anchor	Well, nothing has changed. The masses are still out in full force.

News Anchor	The police are still unable to gain access. And the residents of Soshanguve are angry…

News Anchor	But most importantly, South Africa, the president is still missing.

Katlego	Yes, I heard you.

Katlego	They say we shouldn't do anything.

Female Analyst	You can't be serious.

Female Analyst	Don't they realise we don't have time? Thabang.

Thabang	Yeah.

Katlego	Thabang, what are you doing here?

Thabang	Have you forgotten that Soshanguve is my hood?

Thabang	I'm happy to see you. But I'm not here to visit you, you hear me?

Thabang	Everything that happens here is my business.

Thabang	What's your plan? Can I assist with anything?

Thabang	Do you have a team that's locating the President's location?

Katlego	Leave the police's job to the police. Do you hear me?

Katlego	You were fired. Don't look at him. You…

Katlego	Leave! Do you hear me?

Thabang	That's my wife in there, Katlego.

Thabang	You being a hero won't make Bridget I love you.

Katlego	Just leave, you hear me? Can I assist with anything?

Thabang	They haven't given us How are we looking?

Female Analyst	Are you guys mad? the go ahead on anything.

Katlego	Are you guys mad? Some of us follow orders.

Thabang	What nonsense is this? We need to know what's going on. We must go inside.

Katlego	"We?" You're going nowhere. Just leave. - Dude...

Female Analyst	Guys, guys...

Katlego	Guys, guys...

Katlego	Get your hands off of me.

Katlego	Lokwe, remove this dog.

Bridget	May I have water?

Bridget	I'm thirsty.

Bridget	My chest is blocked.

Bridget	May I please have some water?

President Mulaudzi	I bet you also need water, even if it's one glass.

President Mulaudzi	Have you eaten today?

President Mulaudzi	I knew it.

President Mulaudzi	You haven't eaten.

President Mulaudzi	This whole thing is just a mess.

President Mulaudzi	You look nervous, my son.

President Mulaudzi	You look...

President Mulaudzi	scared.

President Mulaudzi	I don't blame you, though.

President Mulaudzi	This is a big deal.

President Mulaudzi	Kidnapping your...

President Mulaudzi	President of the nation.

President Mulaudzi	We need brave people.

President Mulaudzi	The problem is that you're working with the biggest thieves.

President Mulaudzi	They only think for themselves.

President Mulaudzi	Tell me.

President Mulaudzi	How many are you at home?

President Mulaudzi	Are you the only child?

President Mulaudzi	Have you ever asked yourself...

President Mulaudzi	how your mother, wherever she is...

President Mulaudzi	how would she feel knowing that it's her son that…

President Mulaudzi	has kidnapped the president and kept her in such a place?

President Mulaudzi	That would break her heart.

President Mulaudzi	This is going to be messy.

President Mulaudzi	And there's no one in this plan...

President Mulaudzi	that will walk freely.

President Mulaudzi	It's going to be hard.

President Mulaudzi	I can help you, though.

President Mulaudzi	When it gets rough.

President Mulaudzi	Did you hear what I said?

President Mulaudzi	Boy...

President Mulaudzi	Help me to help you.

President Mulaudzi	Set us free so we can go.

President Mulaudzi	When they prosecute them...

President Mulaudzi	I'll make sure that they don't arrest you.

President Mulaudzi	And that your family...

President Mulaudzi	your mother and anyone else...

President Mulaudzi	are taken care of.

President Mulaudzi	I promise you.

President Mulaudzi	I am a woman of my word.

President Mulaudzi	Right, Bridget?

Bridget	Yes, yes.

Bridget	She really keeps her promises.

Young Dog	Piss off!

President Mulaudzi 	Bridget...

President Mulaudzi 	We'll get out of here.

President Mulaudzi 	Soon.

Bridget	Let's hope that the DP is making a plan.

President Mulaudzi 	Who?

President Mulaudzi 	Cashius?

President Mulaudzi 	Don't make me laugh.

Deputy President	Well?

Minster of Finance	We told them to go and check there.

Minster of Finance	They will search the place.

Minster of Finance	As soon as they know, they'll tell me.

Minster of Finance	I'll update you.

Deputy President	What's happening with your people, Victor?

Minster of Police	I can't tell them what to do until we've decided.

Deputy President	The one time for you to make a decision is right now! If…

Deputy President	If something happens...

Deputy President	to our president, all of us here will be in trouble.

Deputy President	 Especially you.

Minster of Finance	 I have an idea.

Minster of Finance	I think what we need to do is...

Minster of Finance	to call a press conference. I'll speak to the Communications Department…

Minster of Finance	Okay? I'll speak to the Communications Department…

Minster of Finance	to write you a speech which you'll address to Wanda in front of the cameras.

Minster of Finance	Get a spot for you.

Minster of Finance	But what's important, is for you to…

Minster of Finance	make sure that everyone is calm.

Deputy President	I am calm.

Minster of Police	So, Katlego wants to know when can he move in there.

Minster of Police	Nothing has changed,

News Anchor	The masses are still out in full force.

News Anchor	The police are still unable

News Anchor	to gain access.

News Anchor	And the residents of Soshanguve are angry.

News Anchor	But most importantly, South Africa, the president…

News Anchor	is still missing.

News Anchor	Nobody could predict

News Anchor	that this catastrophic event

News Anchor	would hit Pretoria today.

News Anchor	What started out as a beautiful day, has turned into a day

News Anchor	that South Africans will remember for the longest time.

News Anchor	Social media has also been showing mixed reactions.

News Anchor	Some condemning the act,

News Anchor	while most feel like the township has been a ticking time bomb.

News Anchor	If anyone tries to stage a rescue

News Anchor	the president will die.

News Anchor	If you send the SANDF

News Anchor	the president will die.

Gladys	Move away from that window before you get hurt.

Dineo	Granny...

Dineo	How can they do something like this?

Gladys	My child...

Gladys	people do stuff when they are angry.

Gladys	When they've had enough...

Gladys	they do things you won't understand.

Gladys	It's like those people who...

Gladys	crucified Jesus Christ,

Gladys	when He was just innocent.

Dineo	Mama didn't do anything.

Gladys	Yes.

Gladys	It's just that she works for people who

Gladys	are not keeping their promises.

Dineo	The government people.

Gladys	Yes.

Gladys	She finds herself in a problem...

Gladys	she didn't create.

Gladys	Don't worry, my child.

Gladys	Your father will find her and bring her home.

Gladys	We did pray, right?

Gladys	Remember the God we pray to, is a powerful One.

Dineo	God?

Dineo	He was meant to protect her.

President Mulaudzi	Bridget...

President Mulaudzi	we need to get out of here.

Bridget	Yes, let's...

Bridget	Let's hope the DP has a plan.

President Mulaudzi	What?

President Mulaudzi	Cashius?

President Mulaudzi	Don't make me laugh.

President Mulaudzi	What now?

President Mulaudzi	Are you okay?

President Mulaudzi	You need to calm down.

President Mulaudzi	You need to stay very calm, okay?

President Mulaudzi	Right.

President Mulaudzi	Listen...

President Mulaudzi	I have a pin on my head, okay?

President Mulaudzi	Try to stand up.

President Mulaudzi	Can you?

President Mulaudzi	Can you see it?

President Mulaudzi	Okay.

Bridget	Please pardon me for giving you my back.

President Mulaudzi	 Okay?

Bridget	 Okay.

President Mulaudzi	 Do you see it?

Bridget	 Yes, I found it.

President Mulaudzi	Okay.

President Mulaudzi	Now calm down.

Bridget	Okay.

President Mulaudzi	Right.

Dog 2	You idiot.

Dog 2	What's your code?

Thabang	I have an old one, my friend.

Thabang	It's an old one, man.

Dog 2	Old...

Katlego	Minister?

Katlego	Please speak louder. I can't hear you.

Minster of Police	I'm saying what's going on there?

Katlego	Reinforcement has arrived.

Katlego	I think we can move in anytime from now.

Deputy President	Okay.

Deputy President	That's good.

Deputy President	Move in then. It's done.

Deputy President	 Let them move in.  No, no, no…

Minster of Police	Look, it's not safe to move in right now.

Deputy President	Huh?

Deputy President	Hey...


Deputy President	The president has been missing for an hour. You're still saying it's not safe to move in?

Deputy President	 What the hell Do you want?

Minster of Police	 Deputy...

Minster of Police	 We have to come up with a different strategy.

Deputy President	 So come up with it.

Deputy President	Come up with a strategy and stop being...

Deputy President	useless.

Deputy President	Katlego,

Deputy President	what's going on?

Deputy President	What's going on right now?

Katlego	We can move in anytime. We're just waiting for you.

Deputy President	Do you hear that?

Deputy President	In fact...

Deputy President	what are you doing here?

Deputy President	You were supposed to be there.

Minster of Police	 Deputy President...

Deputy President	 You were supposed to be there with the police!

Deputy President	Why are you here?

Minster of Police	As the Minister of police...

Minster of Police	I recommend that we wait.

Minster of Police	Otherwise we might as well forget about the president.

Deputy President	That's what you've be looking for.

Deputy President	Victor?

Deputy President	Is that what you want?

Katlego	Minister?

Katlego	We're going to be on standby. Waiting for authorization.

Bridget	My baby, Dineo...

President Mulaudzi	Bridget.

President Mulaudzi	Bridget!

President Mulaudzi	We're going to leave this place.

President Mulaudzi	Okay?

President Mulaudzi	But you must stop panicking.

President Mulaudzi	You need to be calm.

Bridget	I'm sorry.

Moses	You're still alive?

Bridget	What are you planning to do with us?

Moses	Password.

President Mulaudzi	I'm not crazy.

Bridget	Oh, Lord.

President Mulaudzi	94...

President Mulaudzi	04...

President Mulaudzi	27.

Moses	Typical.

Moses	Freedom Day of crap.

Moses	You're still thinking like people from the past.

President Mulaudzi	Moses?

President Mulaudzi	There's still a chance for you to turn this whole thing around.

President Mulaudzi	Please.

President Mulaudzi	You know very well...

President Mulaudzi	that the police...

President Mulaudzi	are all over the place outside.

Moses	Which police?

Moses	The useless,

Moses	overfed and underpaid ones?

Moses	They can't touch me.

Moses	Look...

Moses	They will deal with a dead president.

Moses	I'll show them a movie.

President Mulaudzi	You're going to regret this.

Somalian Guy	Thank you.

Somalian Guy	Thabang?

Somalian Guy	Are you part of these violent people?

Thabang	They've kidnapped my wife.

Thabang	I'm busy looking for her. Have you seen her?

Thabang	Here, put this on.

Thabang	You need it more that I do.

Thabang	Go this way.

Thabang	It's safe this side. Go.

Minster of Finance	We have 700 million rand in reserves.

Deputy President	700 million?

Minster of Finance	Yes.

Deputy President	700 million is not enough. Didn't you hear what he said?

Deputy President	Didn't you hear the president?

Deputy President	That's not enough.

Minster of Finance	What do you want me to do?

Deputy President	I don't know.

Minster of Finance	What do you want us to do?

Deputy President	- Where am I going to get this money? - Where am I supposed to get it?

Deputy President	What must we do?  Where am I supposed to get it?

Deputy President	Hello?

Deputy President	Hello? Who's this? Hello?

Moses	Someone who's sick and tired of your nonsense.

Deputy President	Where's the president?

Moses	Where's the money?

Deputy President	The money is not enough. We managed to get 700 million only.

Moses	Hey!

Moses	Where's the rest?

Moses	Where will it come from?

Moses	Where the sun doesn't shine?

Moses	Over 300 million?

Moses	You're crazy.

Deputy President	We're trying our best.

Moses	Call the banks and tell them it's compensation, distribution of wealth.

Moses	You get me. You're used on telling lies.

Deputy President	We're trying and it doesn't work like that.

Moses	Look...

Moses	your stupid president...

Moses	and her little spokesperson...

Moses	Look...

Moses	I will kill them.

Moses	And you will go down the history books as a failure.

Moses	Do you hear me?

Deputy President	Dammit!

Minster 1	Please tell me you were able to trace the call?

Minster of Police	It wasn't long enough.

Protester	Gents, who knows this guy?

Dog 3	We have to teach him a lesson.

Protester	Where's he from?

Dog 3	We must get this guy.

Dog 4	 We will find him.

Dog 3	 He must be found.

Protester	Isn't he the guy?

Dog 4	 He's the one who sang on Hendrik...

Dog 5	 Hey, you!

President Mulaudzi	I'm trying.

President Mulaudzi	The problem is my arthritis.

Bridget	Are you still taking your treatment?

President Mulaudzi	Yes.

President Mulaudzi	All the time.

President Mulaudzi	The problem is that...

President Mulaudzi	It's, uh...

President Mulaudzi	symmetrical.

President Mulaudzi	It's not the one hand only. It's both of them.

President Mulaudzi	So this will Not succeed...

Bridget	Hey!

President Mulaudzi	You must have some patience.

Bridget	Do you know what's worse?

Bridget	On our way to the meeting...

Bridget	Dineo was trying to call me,

Bridget	but I kept on hanging up cause I thought I'll be able to…

President Mulaudzi	Bridget.

President Mulaudzi	Dineo is fine.

President Mulaudzi	She's with Thabang.

President Mulaudzi	And her granny.

Bridget	She must be worried sick about me.

Bridget	Oh Lord, why have You abandoned me?

Bridget	Why must I die like this, oh Lord?

Bridget	What?

President Mulaudzi	Done.

Bridget	Oh thank you, God!

Bridget	Thank you, Jesus.

Bridget	Thank you... Sorry.

Bridget	It's just that I thought we're going to die here.

Gladys	Rewind that, quickly.

Gladys	Pause, pause.

Gladys	Rewind a bit, again.

Gladys	Pause right there.

Gladys	Oh, my God!

Dineo	What, granny?

Gladys	I know that place. It's not far from Mrs. Tshavalala.

Gladys	It's by the Catholic Church.

Gladys	Take out your phone.

Gladys	I know where the president and your mother are.

Dineo	Okay, okay.

Gladys	Hurry up, Dineo.

Thabang	Somalia.

Thabang	Thank you so much.

Thabang	Thank you, my brother.

Thabang	I'll pay you later.

Thabang	No problem.

Thabang	Dineo?

Thabang	What's wrong, baby?

Thabang	Ma?

Thabang	No, Ma.

Thabang	What if it's someone else?

Thabang	Okay.

Thabang	Alright. Ma...

Thabang	Please don't forget...

Thabang	to always lock the doors and close the windows.

Thabang	Okay, bye. and close the windows.

Thabang	Somalia.

Thabang	Do you know that big, light complexion lady…

Thabang	with missing teeth?

Somalian Guy 	She sells chickens.

Thabang	Where?

Somalian Guy 	I know. Let's go. - I know. Let's go.

Karabo	Hi.

Young Dog	Hey, dude.

Karabo	Are they still there?

Young Dog	Yes.

President Mulaudzi	Stay with me.

President Mulaudzi	Okay, get up.

Young Dog	Do you really think this is going to work?

Karabo	If I didn't know Moses the way I do, I wouldn't have done this.

Karabo	That guy always gets what he wants.

Karabo	Are you scared?

Young Dog	Not at all.

Young Dog	I just want this to work.

Young Dog	When I get this money, I'll be able to help my mother.

Young Dog	She got burned by a gas stove.

Young Dog	It burnt down the whole shack

Young Dog	to the ground.

Young Dog	Walls of Jericho.

Karabo	Life's unfair.

Karabo	What happened to you is not good.

Young Dog	That's life.

Young Dog	It's life.

Young Dog	It's tough.

Young Dog	I was staying at home...

Young Dog	not working for two , three years.

Young Dog	Doing nothing.

Young Dog	When I got a job,

Young Dog	I was earning R120 a day.

Young Dog	R120.

Young Dog	Damn! They gave you R120? - Imagine.

Young Dog	What can we say? We have to keep moving.

President Mulaudzi	Help!

President Mulaudzi	Please help!

Karabo	Go check there.

President Mulaudzi	Please help us!

Young Dog	What's going on now?

President Mulaudzi	Please!

President Mulaudzi	 Be sick, quickly.

Young Dog	What's going on?

President Mulaudzi	She's sick.

President Mulaudzi	Asthma attack.

President Mulaudzi	There's a pump inside that...

Young Dog	Where's this pump you're talking about?

President Mulaudzi	We're begging you. - We're begging you.

President Mulaudzi	Which pocket, Bridget?

Young Dog	I am looking for it, hold on.

President Mulaudzi	It's in there or maybe it fell out. Please, I'm begging you.

President Mulaudzi	Bridget?

President Mulaudzi	Bridget!

Young Dog	Kabelo?

Karabo	Madam President, put the gun down.

President Mulaudzi	One stupid move.

Karabo	Put the gun down. This boy has got nothing to do with this.

President Mulaudzi	I can't take orders from you.

Young Dog	Kabelo, shoot this person.

President Mulaudzi	Traitor.

President Mulaudzi	Do you want this boy to die?

Karabo	You're in this because your government is not providing for…

President Mulaudzi	I'm in this situation because of dogs like you!

Young Dog	Just shoot this old lady, man.

Karabo	Madam President, you don't want to do this.

Moses	Put that gun down.

Moses	Or I will shoot your Speaker.

Moses	Let's go!

Moses	Just move.

Moses	Move!

Moses	Make it snappy!

Moses	Let's go.

Moses	We're not playing here.

Deputy President	It's okay.

Deputy President	Okay, okay.

Deputy President	One, two. One two.

Deputy President	Are you ready?

Deputy President	Are you ready?

Deputy President	Okay.

Deputy President	Two hours ago, our president...

Deputy President	President Lufuno...

Deputy President	Mulaudzi...

Deputy President	and her spokesperson, Mrs. Bridget Ranaka...

Deputy President	were kidnapped in Soshanguve.

Deputy President	Outside Pretoria.

Deputy President	We are currently negotiating with the perpetrators.

Deputy President	A group of terrorists who call themselves The Dogs of Soshanguve.

Moses	Hey, look here...

Moses	It's not about right or wrong.

Moses	It's the power we're after here.

Moses	Revenge.

Deputy President	We want you to know that everything is under control.

Deputy President	There's absolutely nothing to worry about.

Deputy President	Our best police are being re-deployed...

Deputy President	to ensure that peace is restored.

Deputy President	As well to see to it that...

Deputy President	our president is returned to us safely.

Moses	All I want...

Moses	I will get, or else there'll be war. Like it or not.

Moses	You know, for a long time we've been watching you looting…

Moses	Doing as you like.

Moses	This is pay back time.

Moses	Do you hear me?

Moses	Look, if there must be a dead person, let it be.

Moses	You know how the revolution works.

President Mulaudzi	It was just a child. A minor.

Deputy President	Those of you who know me...

Deputy President	can attest that I do not tolerate criminal activities.

Deputy President	And we will not be held captive...

Deputy President	by these lawless people.

Moses	You thought you were a hero.

Moses	Right?

Moses	He died because of you. Piss off!

Deputy President	But we need you on our side, too.

Deputy President	If you have any knowledge about the whereabouts…

Deputy President	of these savages...

Deputy President	Please let us know.

Deputy President	It's your South Africa too.

Deputy President	And we must guard it with everything we have.

Deputy President	It's our South Africa.

Deputy President	Our country.

Deputy President	God bless, Africa.

Minster of Police	I've never seen anything so horrible.

Minster of Police	My daughter in grade 8 would've written a better speech.

Minster of Finance	What a joke.

Minster of Police	Here he comes.

Deputy President	So, how was the speech?

Minster of Finance	 No, you nailed it!

Minster of Police	 you certainly did.

Minster of Police	So, what's next? - you certainly did.

Deputy President	We'll wait for the money to arrive.

Deputy President	After that, the president will be back.

Deputy President	By this time tomorrow.

Minster of Finance	She will be here in full flesh.

Minster of Finance	Deputy...

Minster of Finance	do we have any evidence that Madam President is still alive?

Deputy President	This negativity.

Deputy President	This negativity.

Minster of Police	It's a fair question.

Minster of Police	How do we know if she's still alive?

Minster of Finance	I'm just asking. How do we know…

Deputy President	I am the Deputy President.

Deputy President	I'm the one who makes the rules here.

Deputy President	If you think you can't follow the rules...

Deputy President	Just go.

Deputy President	Get lost!

Junior	Moses.

Junior	You really did a great job.

Junior	My dad will be very proud of you.

Moses	Things are going well.

Moses	This stupid government will give us what we want.

Moses	Whether they like it or not.

Moses	They'll bring the money here to Soshanguve.

Moses	Only in few hours, I tell you.

Junior	Nice.

Junior	Very nice.

Officer	Mr. Zondo?

Prison Official	Please come closer, you have a call.

Hendrik 	Hello?

Junior	The money will soon be making its way to Soshanguve.

Junior	That means things are going accordingly.

Hendrik 	Everything, dad.

Junior	As soon as it gets here...

Junior	1.2 billion is coming to Soshanguve.

Junior	we'll get it out to the township.

Junior	The airplane has already been fuelled at Waterkloof airbase.

Junior	Don't even go to sleep.

Junior	After 13 hours...

Junior	you'll be out of that place.

Junior	We'll be flying high, heading to Abu Dhabi. With 1.2 billion rand in cash.

Hendrik 	You really did well, son.

Hendrik	There we go.
