
(« Royal Blossom »)



	
ELENA young	This is like heaven.
	
PAUL young	If it were located in hell.
	
ROSE	Is the Prince allergic to pollen?
	
PAUL young	No, flowers.
	
ROSE	Well, maybe you should wait for us outside.
	
PAUL young	Will you please excuse me?
	
ELENA young	Well, I love it. Do you think I can live in here when I grow up?
	
ROSE	I think you’re going to keep residing in the royal palace. You’re destined
	
ELENA young	to be queen one day, Elena. I don’t want to be Queen. I don’t even like being a princess. I want to be a flower girl... No, flower lady. Just like you. And I’m going to school in America next year. I hear you can be anyone you want there.
	
ROSE	Well, then how would you like your first lesson? Do you see this flower? It's like you. It has outgrown its home. Want to help me relocate it?
	
ELENA young	Is that a rhetorical question? Feel better, Herbert?
	
ROSE	You named the flower Herbert?
	
ELENA young	He looks like a Herbert. Let’s do some others!
	
ROSE	I think we should go and locate your brother before he sneezes himself into oblivion. Come on.
	
ELENA young	Do you mind taking a picture?

ROSE	Sure. NOW…
	
ELENA	Hello, Frank. This is Marvin and Elwood. And they're your new neighbors so I expect you all to get along.
	
DAISY	More? Really?
	
ELENA	Daisy, this is Marvin and Elwood.
	
DAISY	If you bring one in called Audrey Two, then I’m out of here. “Little Shop Of Horrors”, this ain’t. I’ve been meaning to ask you
	
ELENA	Is that one of the reasons you befriended me because my name is Daisy? No. I mean, it wasn’t the only reason.
	
DAISY	Have you thought about starting a magazine “Better Homes Are Gardens”?
	
ELENA	You’re in a mood today.
	
DAISY	I just found out I’m going to be looking after your inner sanctum while you’re away. Your brother Paul called because you’re not answering your phone and your services are required, Princess.
	
ELENA	Don’t call me that. You know, I hate it.
	
DAISY	Well, your parents, the King and Queen of Fenwick called and they demand your participation on a goodwill tour around Europe. They can’t go, so they expect you and your brother to represent the kingdom on a tour of London, Paris, Rome, and to be honest by that point I just really stopped listening because I was crying with jealousy.
	
ELENA	This is going to be hell.
	
DAISY	Are you kidding? It's going to be amazing! Sounds like heaven! And besides, everyone wants to be a princess!
	
ELENA	Be one maybe but not be treated like one.
	
DAISY	You mean respected, pampered, rich? I personally won't have a problem with any of that.
	
ELENA	As opposed to being independent, resilient, having dreams, carving your own path in life? Daisy, I grew up watching my mom go to embassy functions balls, christenings, public events, you name it, just waving and smiling for an hour like a robot. For what? She would come back home with swollen feet.
	
DAISY	OK, so we can just buy her some comfortable shoes.
	
ELENA	I don’t want a life like that. Paul just sent the itinerary. I have two days to pack.
	
DAISY	That should be easy because they don’t allow gardens on planes.
	
ELENA	No, but they allow secretaries.
	
DAISY	Say what?

ELENA	I mean assistants. Personal assistant to the royal Princess. Interested?
	
DAISY	Well, I don’t have to teach any second graders at the moment.
	
ELENA	So, what do you say to an all expense two months paid trip to Europe? Daisy, please say "yes". I can’t be alone with my Paul for that long. We’ll literally kill each other.
	
DAISY	What exactly does a Princess’ personal secretary do?
	
ELENA	Assist. Advise. Basically, what you do for me now. I mean it's much easier than all that volunteer work you put yourself into.
	
DAISY	I like doing those things But I could get my cousin to look after the plants. He’s been looking for a place to stay in New York for a few months, so...
	
ELENA	Perfect! So, you’re in?
	
DAISY	We're going to London!
	
ELENA	Paul should be meeting us here.
	
DAISY	So, tell me what's your brother like?
	
ELENA	A real stick in the mud. No sense of humor. Like below sea level.
	
DAISY	Come on. Everybody's got a sense of humor.
	
ELENA	Not Paul. I swear. When we were kids, my idols were Priscilla Susan Bury, Katherine Esau, Kate Sessions.
	
DAISY	Sound like funny ladies.
	
ELENA	They were illustrators botanists, they won the national medal of honor for plant anatomy, aided on the cultivation of trees in San Diego. Amazing things.
	
DAISY	Like I said, funny.
	
ELENA	Well, Paul’s idols were the Queen’s Guard outside of Buckingham Palace. The ones who just stand there emotionless, stiff all day. Don't react to anyone. That’s his idea of a good time. That's Paul.
	
DAISY	So, what does he think of you becoming a florist?
	
ELENA	About that...My family has no idea. They think I’ve been studying economics and world trade for the last eight years and working on Wall Street. They have no idea about my minor in botany at night.
	
DAISY	You mean you majored in botany and minored in economics.
	
ELENA	Exactly, and you're the only one who knows that, so please can we keep it that way? Paul, finally.
	
PAUL	Elena!
ELENA	Prince!
	
PAUL  	Good to see you.

ELENA	Good to see you.
	
PAUL	How are things in America?
	
ELENA	You know, the Dow is up. Let me introduce you, this is Daisy McFearson. my personal American assistant, advisor, bodyguard and secretary.
	
DAISY	I’m the complete package all right. She never leaves home without me.
	
PAUL	Prince Paul Etherington of Fenwick. Pleased to meet you.
	
DAISY	Daisy of Detroit. Pleased to meet you.
	
PAUL	Coffee?
	
ELENA	Please.
	
PAUL	Must say I don’t envy you. Knowing my sister as I do, you must have your hands full.
	
DAISY	The stories I could tell.

ELENA	But not right now. Not right now because we have a personal appearance, don't we?
	
PAUL	We have several. We must be on our best behavior at all times. The King and Queen are counting on us.
	
ELENA	Mom and Dad. You can call them mom and dad, Paul.
	
PAUL	Never in public. I leave you here. See you back at the hotel. Ladies.
	
ELENA	What did I tell you?
	
DAISY	You missed out the handsome part.
	
ELENA	Oh, Daisy, please.
	
PAUL	Yes, Father, very well. We just touched down in London. About a week or so. Good. How is mother?
	
ELENA	What do you think?
	
DAISY	I think the Regal Suit suits me very well.
	
PAUL	Good. Elena? Father wishes speaking to you.
	
ELENA	Hey, Dad. How are you? Is Mom still turning tricks? Magic tricks. It’s her hobby...She quit? Why? What happened to the rabbit?
	
PAUL	I was half hoping Elena’s time in America might have changed her.
	
DAISY	I think it has.
	
PAUL	Not for the better. I don’t know how she’s intends to run the kingdom with that attitude of hers.
	
DAISY	But aren’t you the one who's going to become King after your dad steps down?
	
PAUL	I wish but the reign gets passed to the oldest. Elena was born a year before me.
	
DAISY	She’s gonna be the ruler?
	
ELENA	Are they kidding me? You can’t put poppies with lilies and just throw a rose in the middle. What kind of arrangement is this?
	
PAUL	Prey for Fenwick.
	
ELENA	No, not you, Poppa. I said poppies as in the flowers. No, there’s nobody here named Tulip or Rose. It's also a flower. But Daisy is here. Yes, my friend. Yes, a real person.
	
PAUL	I was so hoping she had outgrown this juvenile obsession with vegetation. She’s always been closer to plants than to people.
	
DAISY	I’ve never really noticed.
	
PAUL	Really? Does Elena have many friends in New York?
	
DAISY	Sure. She hangs out with Frank, Marvin and Elwood.
	
PAUL	Elwood?

DAISY	He's nice.
	
ELENA	Paul, hi, look at these. Here. Speak to my dad. Talk to my dad. I'm going to fix this.
	
DAISY	Hello, your majesty royal highness. Yes, this is Daisy. No, I wasn’t named after the flower. My father used to watch "Dukes Of Hazzard". No, I didn't actually watch it myself but I don’t believe that they were from a royal family.
	
ADAM	Who the heck is Princess Elena?
	
WILLIAM	Your next assignment.
	
ADAM	No. I was supposed to be covering the FDT World Bowl this week. You know that. It starts tomorrow.
	
WILLIAM	It’s not the Super Bowl, Adam.
	
ADAM	Yes, it is! For flowers. The top florists from China, Russia, America, Africa. They all come to compete and this is the first time it’s being held in London.
	
WILLIAM	So, take some pretty pictures and write something about dandelions but interview Princess Elena. She’s an actual person of interest.
	
ADAM	Not to me. She is not. OK, come on. Tell me who she is. This is a private conversation. Thank you.
	
WILLIAM	She’s on a goodwill tour of Europe. Just arrived. She is heir to the throne of Fenwick.
	
ADAM	Fenwick? Never heard of it. Did you just made that up?
	
WILLIAM	It’s in Eastern Europe. Somewhere near... near Panthrea.
	
ADAM	So now you said that... Still no idea what you're talking about. Where’s Panthrea?
	
WILLIAM	Do I look like a Geography professor? Ask her! She’s been living in America for the past eighteen years. First time in London. People will want to know more.
	
ADAM	I told you, I’m done with women, like all women. And I imagine princesses is going to be like ten times worse!
	
WILLIAM	You've had one bad experience.
	
ADAM	And one was all I needed. You know Nina, she... snapped me up in two and then buried it in her abandoned garden.
	
WILLIAM	Hopefully one day it will grow back. In the meantime, while you’re a journalist for my magazine, you’ll do the stories I assign you and then you can go digging for dirt for flowers some other time.
	
ADAM	Fine. Floral Designers Tournament first, then the Princess.
	
WILLIAM	What is the obsession with floral arrangements?
	
ADAM	Because you know what. Flowers don’t kick you when you’re down. They certainly don’t walk out on you after five years. And did you know just being around flowers, it can help lift a sour mood, improve a sad disposition, alleviate the symptoms of depression? Should I go on?

WILLIAM	No, just go. And when you return, I expect to see these stories on my desk. And bring me some flowers.
	
ADAM	Why?
	
WILLIAM	Because after speaking with you, I’m sour, sad, and depressed.
	
ADAM	Charming.
	
DAISY	Can I get a few words with you for a second just over there? Just over here. I shouldn’t be really showing you this but check it out.
	
ELENA	I want to go to here.
	
DAISY	But you have a really full schedule, a packed planned itinerary.
	
ELENA	But I have a lunch break, now. Let’s go!
	
DAISY	You know your brother is going to wonder where we disappeared to.
	
ELENA	Daisy, we're going to look at the flowers for an hour and leave. Ok? Relax.
	
DAISY	I know.
	
VIOLET	Afternoon, ladies. Here for the event?
	
DAISY	Yes. Is this where we sign in?
	
VIOLET	Well, that depends. Are you with the press, a member of the jury or a competitor?
	
DAISY	General public.
	
VIOLET	I’m sorry but the FTD World Bowl is not open to the public until next Sunday for the final ceremony when the winner is announced.
	
DAISY	Oh, well, I guess we...

ELENA	I’m competing.
	
VIOLET	In that case, welcome! Follow me.
	
DAISY	What are you doing?
	
VIOLET	What country are you representing?
	
ELENA	The United States.
	
VIOLET	Great. We heard the American woman got the flu and couldn’t make it this year.
	
ELENA	She did. Which is how I was selected so last minute. You see, this is my first floral competition.
	
VIOLET	Good for you.

ELENA	Thank you!
	
VIOLET	So, what is your name?
	
ELENA	My name?

VIOLET	Yes. You do have one, right?

ELENA	Yes, my name...
	
DAISY	If your brother and parents...

ELENA	Daisy!
	
VIOLET	Daisy... OK. Daisy what?
	
ELENA	McFearson. Daisy McFearson.
	
DAISY	What?
	
VIOLET	How fitting. Daisy. Because my name is Violet, so... Us flowers have to stick together, right?
	
ELENA	It’s the only way to make a bouquet.
	
VIOLET	That is true. Now fill out this entry form and I’ll send someone right over with your I.D. badge.
	
ELENA	Thank you.
	
DAISY	Elena. You can’t do this. You have commitments. Important commitments.

ELENA	Boring commitments. You saw that basket of welcome flowers at the hotel. I bet I can win this thing.
	
DAISY	As me?

ELENA	Well, I can’t very well be me. You’re right about Paul. "Designing floral arrangements is not dignified of a royal Princess." I’ve been hearing that my entire life from him. This is my chance to really prove to everyone what I can do. What I was born to do, Daisy.
	
DAISY	News flash. You were born to be a Queen.
	
ELENA	News flash. I can multi-task, you know that. 10-1-9.
	
DAISY	It's 3-7-1-8.
	
ELENA	Even if they're two...
	
ADAM	Hey, excuse me.
	
ELENA	Badge?

ADAM	Yes. Do you need my name?
	
ELENA	Only if you want to give it.

ADAM	Adam Birch.
	
ELENA	Daisy McFearson.
	
DAISY	I’m just her friend.
	
ELENA	Amazing, supportive and loyal friend.
	
ADAM	That's good to know. So...Badge?
	
ELENA	Yes, please.
	
ADAM	I haven't got one yet.
	
ELENA	You should probably go and get one.

ADAM	I know, right? That’s kind of why I’m here.
	
ELENA	That’s why I’m here.
	
DAISY	I’m just along for the ride.
	
ADAM	I'm getting a little confused. Let back it up. I’m here for the press. I’m covering the event for Better Ways Magazine, in London.
	
ELENA	I'm sorry, I thought you worked here. I'm competing.
	
ADAM	I thought you worked here. Funny situation. Multiple mistaken identities.
	
DAISY	More than you know.
	
ADAM	I would love to interview you at some point for the magazine.
	
ELENA	Oh, yeah. I’m sure we could arrange that.
	
DAISY	Why are you looking at me, Daisy? I’m not your secretary.
	
ELENA	Right. Why am I looking at you? You are not my secretary or keeper or anything like that. That's weird. I’m my own... my own woman. I'm independent.
	
ADAM	Good, I mean...
	
VIOLET	What’s so funny?

DAISY	I don’t know.
	
VIOLET	Here you go.

ELENA	Thank you.
	
ADAM	Please, tell me that you can find me by press pass?
	
VIOLET	Just inside the main Hall.
	
ADAM	Good. OK. Nice to meet you both, like I said, and good luck with the competition.
	
ELENA	Thank you.
	
ADAM	I look forward to seeing your floral designs, Ms. McFearson.
	
ELENA	I look forward to having them seen, Mr. Birch.
	
ADAM	I forgot where she told me to get it. Did she say the main hall. Brilliant.
	
DAISY	Awkward.
	
ADAM	Main hall.
	
ELENA	OK, thank you.
	
VIOLET	Good luck, Daisy.
	
ELENA	By the way, what is your social security number? And you better go check on Paul. He's probably freaking out about where I am.
	
DAISY	What do I tell him?
	
ELENA	I don't know, anything but the truth.
	
DAISY	So, I came here to tell you that Elena is gone to the London’s Children’s Hospital.
	
PAUL	She’s where?
	
DAISY	London’s Children’s Hospital. She thought it would be a really nice idea to go and visit the sick kids and you know so, they could meet a real Princess. You know how much she loves to spread happiness to the children.
	
PAUL	Since when?
	
DAISY	Since she started volunteering at homeless shelters in New York a few years ago and also working with second graders.
	
PAUL	Really?
	
DAISY	Why would I lie to a Prince and like get my head chopped off?
	
PAUL	I wasn't implying that. I'm just... I’m impressed, that's all. Maybe Elena really is changing. I thought the only thing she cared about were her plants and flowers.
	
DAISY	You can just snip that thought in the bud! She’s into all kinds of things now.
	
PAUL	Queenly sort of things?
	
DAISY	Sure, queenly things like there was a food drive she did for that elderly and another time she found homes for that litter of ten kittens? They were the cutest little things.
	
PAUL	it's quite something.
	
CHARLES	Welcome to all of our finalists of this year’s FDT World Bowl! We are so pleased to be celebrating our 15th Floral Designers Tournament. Each year, we raise the bar. This year, there will be four design tasks to decide the winner. We will begin with "Harmony in Balance" where each of you designers get to show as your "happy place" with an arrangement of petals.
	
ELENA	Sounds like a fun challenge.

MARCUS	I agree.
	
ANDREY	Fun? Sure. It’s all fun and games until someone  gets hurt with the prick of a thorn. The pierced flesh from a cacti needle. I have been competing in these tournaments since they began and believe me, there is nothing fun about them. Not unless you win which is precisely what I intend to do. Andrey Tsvetkov Representing the great mother country of Russia. And you are?

ELENA	El... Daisy McFearson representing the U.S.A. and I actually intend to have fun.
	
ANDREY	I saw you conversing with that journalist earlier. Charming the registration woman. Nothing gets past me, Miss McFearson. I have eyes and ears everywhere.
	
ELENA	So, you’re like a Picasso.
	
ANDREY	Don’t talk to me about Spaniards. They have never won the FDT.
	
ELENA	The what?

ANDREY	The FDT. Neither have any Americans.
	
ELENA	No, I heard that part.
	
ANDREY	Spaniards have never won the FDT.
	
ELENA	Oh, the FDT?

ANDREY	The FDT. They have never won it. Neither have any Americans.
	
ELENA	Until now.

ANDREY	We shall see. We shall see.
	
ELENA	See we shall.
	
DAISY	Who was that?
	
ELENA	The competition. Did you talk to Paul? How angry was he?
	
DAISY	Don’t worry. I covered for you. Who can be angry with a Princess who visits childrens’ hospitals, saves kittens, and volunteers at homeless shelters?
	
ELENA	These are things you’ve done.
	
DAISY	Well, you’re pretending to be me, so I might as well go all the way, right?
	
ELENA	I think I in way over my head, here. I mean these guys take this competition really seriously. Like weirdly seriously.
	
DAISY	I’ve seen what you can do with flowers. There's nobody with a bigger obsession with plants than you. You’re like a walking, talking botanical garden on steroids.
	
ELENA	I think that’s the nicest thing anyone has ever said to me.
	
DAISY	That’s pretty sad. Do you want to hear  tomorrow’s royal agenda?
	
ELENA	No, I want Persian buttercups and roses and lots of them.
	
ADAM	Miss McFearson?
	
ELENA	Let me introduce you to my very good friend Elena Etherington.
	
ADAM	Princess Elena? Of Fenwick?
	
DAISY	You’ve heard of me?
	
ADAM	Yeah, your reputation precedes you. You're quite the talk in London. In fact, I’m supposed to interview you for my magazine.
	
DAISY	Oh no, not me. You should interview Daisy, here, because she's my assistant, has more time and is a lot more interesting than me.
	
ELENA	The Princess is being modest.
	
ADAM	This is refreshing. Well, this is perfect. How do you even have the time to work for the royal family and compete in the competition?
	
ELENA	That's a very good question. The Princess and I share a very big passion for flowers.
	
DAISY	More like an obsession.
	
ELENA	A healthy obsession because flowers and plants are so important. They spread beauty and life wherever they go.
	
ADAM	You don’t have to tell me. I’ll take a plant over a person any day.
	
DAISY	Can we carry on this conversation like another time because I need to speak to Daisy over here about some of my upcoming appearances.
	
ADAM	Of course. Well, I look forward to talking with you both. I'm going to go. Still... babbling on. Would you... Maybe we could get lunch sometime.
	
ELENA	I’d like that.
	
ADAM	She's like that? That's a good thing.
	
DAISY	See you.

ADAM	See you.
	
DAISY	Bye. Elena, you can’t go around telling people I’m a princess! That just wasn’t part of the deal.
	
ELENA	I had to tell him something. I couldn’t just keep calling you "friend". "Hello, friend. How's your day today, friend?" "Oh, that's so great, friend."
	
DAISY	I would be okay with that. Because I don’t need a name. We could just say my parents lacked imagination. "Kid, Girl, Doll, Sweetie, Child"... Whatever. Anything apart from being you.
	
ELENA	What’s wrong with me? One. Two, you’ve always wanted to be a princess. Well, now’s your chance.
	
DAISY	Let’s pause for a reality check. I can’t pass for you.
	
ELENA	Why not?
	
DAISY	Firstly, I know nothing about being a princess.
	
ELENA	We can do some research I’m sure there's some easy 12 steps on how to be a princess or something.
	
DAISY	Secondly, your brother knows who you are and who I am.
	
ELENA	Daisy, I’m not asking you to be me the whole time. Just at the Floral Designers Tournament. And Paul, you do not have to worry about Paul. He wouldn’t be caught dead there. Like he would die in there, so... Everywhere else in London, I’m me and you’re you, OK?
	
DAISY	How are you going to balance competing in a tournament and all your royal appearances?
	
ELENA	It’s all about "Harmony In Balance". Yes.
	
PAUL	I just want you to know that I don't approve of what you did this morning running off at the cathedral. But I must say, I am impressed with you. A children’s hospital is great for public relations. I don't know why we didn't have it on the schedule. It's a perfect spot for a photo op.
	
ELENA	Oh, I actually didn’t take any photos there.
	
PAUL	Why not?
	
DAISY	Elena thought it would be best not to exploit the moment or the children. It was more of a heartfelt personal visit.
	
PAUL	Of course. Who idea was that?
	
ELENA	Daisy.
	
PAUL	Seems you've been a very good influence. I'm glad she brought you along.
	
ELENA	Well, Daisy and I are basically inseparable.
	
DAISY	Most days I don’t even know where she starts and I end.
	
PAUL	I, for one, would never have a problem differentiating between the two of you.
	
DAISY	Right, I was just telling Elena that.
	
PAUL	Remember, we have a busy morning tomorrow. Breakfast with the Chancellor, then tea at The Shard. Lunch at the famous Ballroom and dinner at Buckingham Palace.
	
ELENA	Stop. We haven’t even eaten, I’m already full.
	
PAUL	Very well. Excuse me, I have to wash my hands. Ladies. I'll do that.
	
ELENA	I think Paul likes you.
	
DAISY	Stop being ridiculous. He just mistakenly thinks I can keep you in check.
	
ELENA	I don’t know, he was very friendly.
	
DAISY	He’s like that to everybody. That’s his job. Prince Charming, remember?
	
ELENA	So, you think he's charming?
	
DAISY	I didn’t say that. I saw the way you were looking at that Adam guy, the reporter.
	
ELENA	I was just covering for you.
	
DAISY	But he asked you to lunch, tomorrow. Hey, you can take him to the Ballroom place with Paul.
	
ELENA	OK, I get it, it's going to be tricky but we're just going to have to get creative.
	
DAISY	And, according to that schedule, Paul's laid out, You're going to have to learn how to eat all day without getting fat or sick.
	
ELENA	Or maybe not.
	
PAUL	Right, everyone knows what they want to order? Food... Food poisoning?
	
DAISY	It was terrible. She was up and down all night. She just got to sleep like an hour ago.
	
PAUL	How odd is steak and kidney pie and bangers and mash.
	
DAISY	You know, when in London...
	
PAUL	Well, I guess I'll have to greet the Chancellor on my own.
	
DAISY	It's probably for the best. You know, you don't want to be like... All over him.

PAUL	No... That would not be good for public relations. Perhaps she’ll feel better later?
	
DAISY	I'll let you know.

PAUL	Thank you, Daisy. I truly appreciate you.
	
DAISY	Well, Elena. I hope you make the best out of your sick day. Good luck being me.
	
ELENA	Good luck. Being me.
	
MARCUS	Yes, may the best man... person wins!
	
ANDREY	Don’t try to make friends. It is useless.
	
ELENA	Wow, So sad.
	
CHARLES	Contestants, You have three hours to complete your "Harmony in Balance" before the judges and myself evaluate. The time starts now!
	
ELENA	OK, come on, Sidney, Arabella, Penelope. Show them what real beauty really is.
	
ADAM	Miss McFearson? Do you mind if I observe you work for a little bit?
	
ELENA	No. You’re just doing your job, right?
	
ADAM	Well, my job would rather may be interviewing the Princess but I much prefer to be covering this event.
	
ELENA	Oh, really? Why?
	
ADAM	I don't know, people here are so... grounded. You know? They're alive because they're passionate about what they do I'm a big fan of passion. You?
	
ELENA	Yes, especially when the feeling is mutual.
	
ADAM	I knew I saw that in you. It's what drives all great artists, right? They don’t have to play games. They don't have to pretend to be someone they're not. You know where you stand with them.
	
ELENA	Speaking of standing... You’re standing on my greenery, Mr. Birch.
	
ADAM	Oh, I'm sorry. I'm going to let you do what you do. I'll go over there. Be passionate on my own. That sounds weird. Ignore I said that.
	
ELENA	See you.
	
CHARLES	Time’s up! A throne of flowers.
	
ELENA	Yeah, my happiest place in the world are gardens so I just wanted to kind of create one where I could sit and relax Hence, "Harmony In Balance" for me is the perfect resting place.
	
CHARLES	Excellent work, Miss McFearson. You’re off to a wonderful start.

ELENA	Thank you.
	
ADAM	A throne. That's pretty cool.

ELENA	Thank you.
	
ADAM	Looks like hanging around Princess has rubbed off on you.
	
ELENA	A bit.
	
ADAM	I’d love to know more.
	
ELENA	About me or the Princess?
	
ADAM	Both, actually. What are you doing for lunch?
	
ELENA	Eating.

ADAM	Makes sense. Would you like some company?
	
ELENA	I already have some. Because I have a prior engagement with the princess.
	
ADAM	I can tag along maybe?

ELENA	No. Definitely no, but... tomorrow? I'm totally free tomorrow for lunch.
	
ADAM	Tomorrow works?

ELENA	Tomorrow.
	
ADAM	It could be just tomorrow.
	
ELENA	Tomorrow!

ADAM	We should stop saying "tomorrow". Okay, it’s a date. It's a work date.
	
ELENA	Right.
	
CHARLES	The winner of the first round is Daisy McFearson. Congratulations.
	
ANDREY	(speaks russian) How is it even possible ? Forgive me, Mr. President!
	
CHARLES	Tomorrow, will be devoted to "Strength In Color and Character".
	
ADAM	Congratulations.
	
ELENA	Thank you, I can't believe it. I have to go, but... I see you tomorrow ?

ADAM	Yes, tomorrow. Sorry I was going for...And now you're doing...
	
DAISY	She said she’ll be here. You know, you can never predict with stomach flus.
	
PAUL	I thought you said it was food poisoning. Well, Elena thought so this morning but if she’s not here, then perhaps...
	
DAISY	You have a ear ache or something?
	
PAUL	No, hotel security lent me one of their earpieces. So, I can keep tabs on Elena. Copy. They just knocked on the door and she’s not in her hotel suite.
	
DAISY	I'm sure she’s on her way down.
	
PAUL	I like punctual people. Like you.
	
DAISY	I like you too, Paul.
	
PAUL	Sorry, I didn’t mean... At least I wasn’t trying to infer...
	
DAISY	I wasn't trying to imply that you...
	
PAUL	That would be presumptuous.
	
DAISY	Absolutely. Sorry.

PAUL	No, of me. Not of you.
	
DAISY	I don't want to put words in your mouth.
	
PAUL	Nor I take words out of yours.
	
DAISY	Gotcha.
	
ELENA	There you are. Sorry, I thought we were having lunch at Buckingham Palace, today.
	
PAUL	No, it’s dinner at the Palace. Lunch at the Ball room.
	
ELENA	Oh, well. That explains it. Fake flowers, nice touch, Paul.
	
PAUL	I’m glad to see you’re feeling better.
	
ELENA	You know, it comes and it goes.
	
PAUL	Reminds me of someone.
	
ELENA	So, prime rib with the Prime Minister, tonight?
	
PAUL	No, it was breakfast this morning with the Chancellor. He wished you a speedy recovery.
	
DAISY	He got his wish.
	
ELENA	So, what did I miss?
	
PAUL	Half of your scheduled appearances. Here we are. Oh, I did receive an interview request from...from Better Ways Magazine. I set up a time tomorrow at noon. Write it down.
	
DAISY	Did you get the name of the reporter by any chance?
	
PAUL	Yes, Mr. Adam Birch.
	
ELENA	Oh, I spoke with him! Briefly.
	
PAUL	You did. When?
	
DAISY	When I ran into him. Where did that occur? In London.
	
PAUL	I assumed that.
	
ELENA	She met him at the convention center. He’s also covering the flower show. Apparently, it’s the biggest one in the world. Isn’t that right, Daisy?
	
DAISY	Elena asked me to go and check it out for her.
	
ELENA	Since I'm obviously way too busy to go myself. Obviously.
	
PAUL	Yes, well, like I say, I don't envy you. You wouldn’t catch megoing near that place. Everyone down there is covered in pollen.
	
ELENA	Probably the journalist as well.
	
PAUL	Yes...I think you might have to do this interview without me.
	
ELENA	If I must. Yes, mom, I did try to participate, but I had a very good reason to leave. Didn't Paul tell you that I went to the children's hospital the other day? Well, I'm glad you approve. Thanks, mom. Okay, give dad my best. Good night.
	
DAISY	So, how long do you think you can keep this charade up for?
	
ELENA	Until I win the competition.
	
DAISY	And...what about my interview with Adam tomorrow?
	
ELENA	Don't worry. I'll tell him everything he needs to know about the Princess over lunch. Because I'm having lunch with him tomorrow. And I know the Princess better than anyone 'cause it's me. Hi. I'm the Princess.
	
DAISY	But I think he's interested in me.
	
ELENA	Only because he thinks you're me. I mean, no, I'm you.
	
DAISY	And you're not. So, how are you going to tell him about my background, my upbringing, my parents?
	
ELENA	I feel like if you come along it's just going to get messy and we won't be able to keep our stories straight.
	
DAISY	Yeah, I don't really want to go anyway.
	
ELENA	I know, I know. You'd rather be with Paul.
	
DAISY	Well, yeah. There's nothing going on between us so just forget about it.
	
ELENA	Sure. How am I supposed to learn your whole life story in one night?
	
DAISY	Do a 12 easy steps search on How to be Daisy McFearson. Have you heard about those devices security guards wear to communicate with each other?
	
ELENA	Yeah, I think so. Why?
	
CHARLES	Assignment two: "Strength In Color and Character" You have three hours to show us your masterpiece. May the Flowers be with you.
	
MARCUS	Always.
	
CHARLES	Carry on.
	
ELENA	What's going on? Come on. Please, don't die on me now. Come on, Jacqueline, Becky.
	
ANDREY	You should be keeping your eyes on the winner, Mr. Birch.
	
CHARLES	Time's up! Nice, Miss McFearson but I... I was expecting something more... special.
	
ANDREY	Ya. It's really bad.
	
ELENA	You mean, something more like...
	
CHARLES	Good try, Miss McFearson. But this round's winner is Mr. Tsvetkov. Congratulation.
	
ADAM	Despite the outcome, I want you to know I think the flower fan idea was brilliant.
	
ELENA	Thanks.
	
ADAM	It was. How did you come up with it?
	
ELENA	Well, I was thinking about what's the purpose of a bouquet, right? And their destiny's just to be put on display. So I was thinking about things that people use and I just thought of a hand fan. And I thought: "Why not let the flowers be beautiful?" Answer my purpose. You know, why can't they be both?
	
ADAM	Why not indeed.
	
ELENA	Because it didn't work. And I lost.

ADAM	Yeah, and it was just this round. You're going to get them next time. It's not over yet.
	
ELENA	Yeah, you're right. But it is lunchtime.
	
ADAM	It is. And about that... My editor is so on my case right now about me interviewing Princess Elena. I'm going to have to take a rain check. I'm sorry. I'm supposed to meet her at noon.
	
ELENA	I know but she can't make it. Some royal duties cames up. She really apologizes. But she did instruct me to tell you whatever you need to know about her for the article.
	
ELENA	If of course that's okay.

ADAM	Yeah. That works for me. We're back on.

ELENA	Yeah.
	
ADAM	I was going to go to this restaurant, it's not far from here. It's a little bit fancy but the food is really good.
	
ELENA	Okay, yeah. That sounds perfect. I'm just going to grab my coat and I'll meet you outside.
	
ADAM	Sounds like a plan.
	
ELENA	Okay.
	
ADAM	What do you think?
	
ELENA	This is amazing.
	
ADAM	I hope this will do.
	
ELENA	Quite nicely. Great choice.
	
ADAM	Thanks. You've obviously found your true calling in life. Destined to work with flowers.
	
ELENA	I've been trying to tell my family that for forever.
	
ADAM	They don't approve?
	
ELENA	To say the least. What about you? When did your interest in florals begin?
	
ADAM	It started with a girl. Where else, right?

ELENA	Yeah.
	
ADAM	I thought we were in love, I followed her to London but eventually she... Well, she dumped me. And she... She walked out. She left her flowers and her plants, all of it, behind. And I was... God, I was this close to chuck it out all away. And I thought: "No, they're kind of "innocent victims." Right? So I started caring for them. Helped them thrive and... In turn it kind of got me out of my funk.
	
ELENA	That's the magic with flowers. I mean, people don't realize how important nature really is. You take care of it, it takes care of you and I'm not just talking about for the environment. I'm talking about for the soul. It's in the air we breathe everyday.
	
ADAM	Right. You know I've got... Got this crazy, crazy idea. About opening my own cutting edge workshop. Like a... A floristry design center for gardens and those people interested in, you know, creating professional arrangements for...all different types of occasions.
	
ELENA	I don't think it's crazy at all. I think it's a beautiful idea. I'd join in a heartbeat.
	
ADAM	Then you'd have to stop working for the Princess. Then how would you juggle both jobs?

ELENA	I know. I know. And that's basically the crux of the entire problem.
	
ADAM	Let's order some food. And you can tell me all about yourself. You know, where you're from. What your parents are like.
	
ELENA	You mean about the Princess?
	
ADAM	No. I want to hear about you first.
	
ELENA	Yes.
	
ADAM	I'm going to have the chicken sandwich and a side salad. Do you mind to tell the waiter? If he comes by. I'm just going to...
	
ELENA	Just going to go to the ladies room.

ADAM	Sure.
	
ELENA	Yes, that's the magic with flowers.
	
DAISY	You wanted to see me?
	
PAUL	Yes. I wanted, if you care to join me.
	
DAISY	Just the two of us?
	
PAUL	I thought why not? We could talk privately about my sister. Among other things.
	
ELENA	Testing, testing. Daisy, can you hear me?
	
DAISY	Yes.
	
PAUL	Yes what?
	
DAISY	Yes, this is lovely, Paul. Thank you for inviting me.
	
ELENA	You're having lunch with Paul now?
	
PAUL	Thank you for accepting.
	
ELENA	Daisy, I'm about to have my interview with Adam you're supposed to help me.
	
DAISY	And I will try and answer any question you may have.
	
PAUL	Excellent.
	
ELENA	Thank you.
	
ADAM	I ordered.
	
ELENA	Great.

ADAM	You're ready?
	
ELENA	As ready as I'll ever be.

ADAM	Okay. Well, let me start by saying I think you're a remarkable woman, Miss McFearson.
	
DAISY	Call me Daisy.
	
PAUL	So, Daisy,
	
ADAM	where do you come from?
	
DAISY	As I mentionned earlier, I was born in the great state of
	
ELENA	Michigan.
	
ADAM	Really? You don't sound like that.
	
DAISY	Then I moved to...
	
ELENA	New York, I've been living there for years.
	
ADAM	And which place do you prefer?

PAUL	Where you met Elena?
	
ELENA + DAISY	Yes.
	
ADAM	You prefer "yes"?
	
ELENA	Yes. York. Because that's where I met Princess Elena,
	
DAISY	In college.
	
ADAM	That was actually my next question.
	
ELENA	I guess I just must have read your mind.
	
PAUL	Elena's in line to become the next queen of Fenwick.
	
ADAM	When did your passion for flowers begin? And why does your family disapprove?
	
DAISY	And you...disapprove?
	
PAUL	No, no at all. No, I want Elena to be a responsible queen. Does Elena believe I don't wish her to be crowned?
	
ELENA + DAISY	I did not say that.
	
ADAM	Yeah, you did. Earlier.
	
ELENA	Did I?
	
PAUL	It sounded like that's what you might be implying.
	
ELENA	What was the question again?
	
ADAM	Why does your family disapproves of your career choice in flowers?
	
DAISY	I just think Elena wants to be seen for who she truly is.
	
ELENA	That's right.
	
ADAM	What's right?
	
ELENA	They want what's right. For me. You see, my family has this... Tradition.

PAUL	Tradition is everything. Elena must take her rightful place and do her duty. We all must. We cannot break with tradition.
	
DAISY	I understand.

ELENA	No, you wouldn't understand.
	
ADAM	Believe me, I totally understand. My parents wanted me to be a lawyer. Certainly not a journalist. And definitely not a floral arranger.
	
PAUL	I need your help. The kingdom's future could depend on it.
	
ELENA	What do you mean?
	
DAISY	What do you mean?
	
ADAM	I mean, I'm the same as...I'm the same as you. I don't want people to tell me what to do with my life.
	
PAUL	Fenwick is in dire financial restraints at the moment. Hence this Goodwill tour. We have to bring trade back into the country.
	
DAISY	Then what you need is a clever marketing idea to put Fenwick back on the map. I majored in business with Elena and attractions attract. And that's when money starts rolling in.
	
ADAM	And you're naturally gifted at doing something that you love. You know, I wouldn't let your family, I wouldn't let Princess Elena get in the way of that. You know, with their own selfish demands.
	
ELENA	That seems pretty harsh, Mr. Birch. You don't even know my family. You definitely don't know who Princess Elena really is.
	
DAISY	But you've got to watch what you're saying.
	
PAUL	I am, believe me. I don't want to scare her away. Which is why I want you to speak to her. I know you have her ear.
	
ELENA + DAISY	You do?
	
ADAM	People with power, they're all the same. Royalty is no exception.
	
PAUL	Come on. I've seen the way she acts around you. I've been watching the two of you.
	
DAISY	You're right.
	
ELENA	And what are royal princess' like?
	
ADAM	Controlling. Self-absorbed. Self-centered. Egotistical. Should I go on? You know, I think they put a... A friendly face on to the general public but when push comes to shove... The one percent always stick together.
	
ELENA	If that's what you think of my best friend, then... This interview's over, Mr. Birch.

DAISY	I... need to be going too.
	
ADAM	Daisy, I'm sorry. I didn't wish for Elena to monopolize our entire conversation. I didn't mean any offence by it. I guess being a journalist makes me insensitive sometimes.
	
DAISY	I have a lot of stuff to do and I should really go and have that talk with Elena.
	
ADAM	I just call things as I see them.

ELENA	You... Well, you made the wrong call this time, Mr. Birch. Goodbye.
	
PAUL	Please, there's no immediate rush.
	
DAISY	I think there is. Goodbye, Paul. Elena, where are you? I mean, where am I? Sometimes, I talk to myself.
	
MARCUS	OK...
	
ANDREY	Elena.
	
DAISY	Where?
	
ANDREY	I'm sorry. You're trying to keep a low profile.
	
DAISY	Yes, that's it.
	
ANDREY	Andrey Tsvetkov. Don't you worry. Your true identity is safe with me. If there is one thing we Russians can do, is keep secrets.
	
DAISY	My true identity?
	
ANDREY	Yes, we both know who you really are.
	
DAISY	She told you?

ANDREY	No, I'm just observant. I study people, learn their habits. My father was with the KG... Well, I cannot say. You understand.
	
DAISY	Absolutely. So, have you seen Princess Elena?
	
ANDREY	No.
	
DAISY	Does that mean you have?

ANDREY	Yes.
	
DAISY	So, where is she?
	
ANDREY	I have no idea.
	
DAISY	Okay, great. You've been really helpful. Thank you.
	
ANDREY	May I make an observation?

DAISY	Sure.
	
ANDREY	I do not think it is fitting for a royal family to be involved in a competition so beneath their social stature. Nor should they allow one of their employees to be involved in one. After all, actions reflect. Sometimes negatively. Especially when one is keeping secrets.
	
DAISY	I'll keep that under advisement.
	
ADAM	Princess Elena.
	
ANDREY	See what I mean?
	
ADAM	Sorry to interrupt. Have you seen Daisy?
	
ANDREY	We were just talking about Miss McFearson.
	
DAISY	Would you just excuse us for a second?
	
ADAM	Sorry, I'll get that.

DAISY	Thank you. Weren't you supposed to be having luch with her?
	
ADAM	Yes, we were but I said something wrong. It was really dumb, I didn't mean anything by it. I wanted to give her some friendly advice, that's all.
	
DAISY	I heard.

ADAM	She spoke to you?
	
DAISY	Not exactly to me.
	
ADAM	I need you to know that I only have Daisy's best interests at heart. You know I think she's... I think she's really talented. And I'd hate to see her take the wrong path.
	
DAISY	I hear you loud and clear and we all want what's best for Daisy. It's just a little bit more complicated than you realize.
	
ADAM	Actually, when you see her, do me a massive favour. Please tell her that my intentions, they were sincere. I just... You know, I want her to embrace who she is. She seems a little confused.
	
DAISY	Aren't we all?
	
CHARLES	After two rounds, Miss McFearson and Mr. Tzvetkov have one win each. The third task is entitled: "Season of Bloom". In this round we would like to see personal growth. We will be judging this tomorrow to decide our finalists. You will have one hour to design now and three in the morning to execute.
	
DAISY	I have to find Daisy. Where have you been? I've been looking for you.
	
ELENA	I needed some time alone to think.
	
DAISY	I need to talk to you.
	
ELENA + DAISY	But not here.
	
ELENA	Paul would probably die in here.
	
DAISY	That's kind of what I need to talk to you about.
	
ELENA	Paul's dying?

DAISY	No! He... He begged me to talk to you along with that reporter and the really, really creepy Russian dude.
	
ELENA	I don't care about them. What happened with Paul?
	
DAISY	He's...only interested in you. He's afraid that if you don't step up and become queen then the whole kingdom will be in financial ruin and that's why this whole tour has been so important. It's to save the economy of Fenwick.
	
ELENA	I heard. But finances aren't my thing. I mean, I took those business classes but... Paul's always been great with numbers.
	
DAISY	When it comes to age, there's nothing he can do. You will always be older than him.
	
ELENA	This stupid first child rule. He really didn't ask about you?
	
DAISY	A little bit, yeah.
	
ELENA	See? Then he does like you. Paul has no interest in anyone unless he really likes them. And you like him too.
	
DAISY	Yeah, I do but it's just never going to happen.
	
ELENA	Why?
	
DAISY	He's a Prince and I'm a Daisy. My dad watching The Dukes of Hazzard is the closest thing to royal blood as I'll ever get, so... Your brother marrying a common girl... It's just not going to happen.
	
ELENA	If it makes you feel any better, that's exactly where I stand with Adam.
	
DAISY	Why? What happened?
	
ELENA	You heard.
	
DAISY	That was the worst four-way conversation I have ever had the displeasure of being a part of.
	
ELENA	I know but... He insulted me. He has no respect or regard for royals who happen to be my family. He wants nothing to do with me.
	
DAISY	But... He thinks you're me, right?
	
ELENA	Right. He wants you to live your dreams and embrace your talent and open up a floral business and maybe live happily ever after with him. But in order for you to do that, you have to get rid of me.
	
DAISY	So basically, he's everything you've ever dreamed of in a man.
	
ELENA	Except I can't escape who I am. I should just quit this competition and accept my fate.
	
DAISY	You cannot do that.
	
ELENA	Why?
	
DAISY	That’s not who you are and you know it. They announced the last round of the competition. "Season of Bloom". You've got to create a floral arrangement that showcases your inner truth.
	
ELENA	Well, that makes this decision easy. It's over. I've already lost.
	
DAISY	Why?
	
ELENA	Because everything about me is a lie. Everything. I quit.
	
ADAM	Is Daisy or Princess Elena out there?
	
ANDREY	They have left.
	
ADAM	For the day?
	
ANDREY	Permanently, I believe. Princess Elena has finally done the right thing. She has quit the competition.
	
ADAM	She made Daisy quit.
	
ANDREY	No, no. Daisy is Princess Elena. And vice versa. She fooled everyone. She fooled you, she fooled everyone but me, of course. I saw through their little charade.
	
ADAM	Don't touch me.
	
ANDREY	And I’ll happily tell all once you schedule my interview for your magazine, Mr. Birch. Now, excuse me. I have a competition to win.
	
PAUL	Elena.
	
ELENA	You said we had an appearance at the opera tonight.
	
PAUL	Yes. Will you be joining me?
	
ELENA	I'm ready to serve my kingdom. I won’t let you, mother or father down anymore. I promise.
	
PAUL	Daisy spoke to you. She is an amazing woman.
	
ELENA	She is. And I know what must be done if I am going to be queen someday.
	
PAUL	I believe our car is waiting.
	
ELENA	Then let’s not dawdle.
	
DAISY	Princess. Come on, wake up, Princess. We really need to talk.
	
ELENA	Daisy, I already know what you're going to say. That I shouldn’t abandon my hopes and dreams, right? That I shouldn't quit the competition at this stage. And that I should be with Adam because he's Mr. Right. And I should make it work with him. But I'm not going to do that because for the first time in my life I'm going to make my family proud and do my duty, okay? And there's nothing that you can do or say that's going to change that. Just let me go back to sleep.
	
DAISY	I actually wasn’t going to say anything. I just came to give you some reading material.
	
ELENA	What is this?
	
DAISY	Better Ways Magazine. It just hit the stands and is online too.
	
ELENA	He didn't.

DAISY	He most certainly did.
	
ELENA	"My lunch with Princess Elena, the frontrunner of the FDT World Bowl." Are you serious?
	
DAISY	Cover blown.
	
ELENA	He's a son of a...

DAISY	Hey! Princess, can you please remember you are a princess?
	
ELENA	Does Paul know about this?
	
PAUL	Elena, are you in there? I demand a word!
	
ELENA	I'd probably say he does now.
	
PAUL	Elena, we have to talk.
	
ELENA	Get Adam Birch on the phone right now. Oh, my God. It's my parents. This is a nightmare.
	
PAUL	Elena, I demand a word!
	
ELENA	I don't know. Daisy, we're like eight floors up. If I land in the pool, I should be fine, right? No, that's crazy. Is it? I don't know. Oh, my God.
	
DAISY	Okay, I only got through to Adam's voicemail. It says he's out all week covering an event.
	
ELENA	An event? I know exactly where that "event" is but you need to help me stop Paul.
	
DAISY	How am I supposed to stall an angry prince?
	
ELENA	Daisy, he likes you, okay? He told me so last night. He thinks you're amazing.
	
DAISY	He did?

ELENA	Yes! And you're the only one that can calm him down right now because I can fix this, I can fix all of this. I just need some time, okay? So just do your Daisy thing and just...Because I need time to...
	
DAISY	I think you’re amazing too, Paul!
	
PAUL	Has Elena seen...
	
DAISY	She's on her route to sort it out now. She's just getting dressed first.
	
PAUL	Would you like to have breakfast with me?
	
DAISY	I'd love that.
	
PAUL	Good. Okay, well...I'll see you later.
	
ELENA	Do you realize what you’ve done?
	
ADAM	Well, just... I did the job of any journalist. I uncovered the truth.
	
ELENA	You ruined the reputation of Fenwick!
	
ADAM	I barely mentioned Fenwick. The article is about you.
	
ELENA	I am supposed to be their queen one day. Do you not get that? What affects me, affects the kingdom, affects my family, affects my brother.
	
ADAM	Did you read the article?
	
ELENA	No! I read the headline which was plenty enough.
	
ADAM	I suggest you read the article.
	
ELENA	You had no right to publish this.

ADAM	Listen to me. I had every right. Because you granted me permission for the interview and you let me record it. And it’s a good thing I did.
	
ELENA	A good thing?
	
ADAM	When Andrey told me yesterday who you really were, I was hurt. You lied to me, Princess. You lied to everybody here.
	
ELENA	I was just trying to protect the ones I love.
	
ADAM	While hurting the one person that matters the most.
	
ELENA	You?
	
ADAM	No. You. The worse person to lie to is yourself. But when I started writing the article I was...I was upset. I had opened up to you. I told you about my dreams, my ambitions. I thought you'd understand. I thought we were the same like that. When I found out your true identity, I felt... I felt like you betrayed me. Yeah, I was going to write the article to expose you out of spite.
	
ELENA	Your "going to" isn't exactly what you did.
	
ADAM	No, that's not what I did. I wrote that article because I hoped the truth would set you free. I've never lied to you, Elena. You could win this. You're that good. You just need to decide what you want. What's in your heart. Look at me. I believe in you. It's about time you believed in yourself.
	
ELENA	It's too late. I missed the third task and... I'll be disqualified so it doesn't matter.
	
ADAM	You've got thirty minutes. Thirty minutes to come up with something... genius.
	
ELENA	"Season of Bloom".
	
ADAM	They want to see your personal growth. They want to see the inner you.
	
PAUL	Where's Elena now?
	
DAISY	She's gone to the convention center to talk with Adam and I should really be there for her. Where are you going?

PAUL	I'm coming with you.
	
DAISY	What about your allergies?

PAUL	Stuff the allergies. Grab your coat.
	
CHARLES	Time is once again up, ladies and gentlemen. Let us see your “Season Of Bloom”. Quite striking, Mr. Tsvetkov.
	
ANDREY	Yes. It truly represents me.
	
CHARLES	Yes, quite sure it does. I say! Oh, my word! Very creative, Mr. Dagga.

MARCUS	Thank you.
	
CHARLES	But we appear to be missing our American competitor.
	
ANDREY	I have it on good authority she has quit the competition.
	
ELENA	No, she hasn't. Thank you.
	
ANDREY	Objection! That woman is not Daisy McFearson. Her real name is Elena Etherington of Fenwick.
	
ADAM	Fenwick.

ANDREY	That's what I said. Fenwick.
	
CHARLES	We know. We’ve all read the article, Andrey.
	
ANDREY	Well, I demand she be removed from the FDT. Princess Elena entered under false pretenses and an alias! She must be disqualified.
	
ADAM	Slow down. Yes, Elena registered in the competition under a different name But that was only to not draw attention to herself. So she couldn't use her celebrity status as an advantage. And there's no rules concerning name usage, right?
	
CHARLES	No, I believe not.
	
ADAM	And the real Daisy McFearson, she gave her complete permission to do so.
	
CHARLES	Is this true?
	
DAISY	One hundred percent, your honor!
	
CHARLES	Miss McFearson, I presume?
	
DAISY	You presume correctly, your honor.
	
CHARLES	You needn’t call me “your honor”.

DAISY	Aren’t you a judge?
	
CHARLES	Not that kind of judge.
	
DAISY	Well, there you go. Nobody is quite who they seem to be around here.
	
ANDREY	Princess Elena said she was representing the United States and she is not even American. She is Fennickian. Or Fienneckan.
	
ADAM	Princess Elena has lived in the United States for most of her life. She is a dual citizen of Fenwick and the US. I looked it up for my article. This thing about America...be whatever you want to be. Follow your dreams.
	
CHARLES	Mr. Birch is correct. Princess Elena is still officially a contestant for the World Bowl and I am pleased to announce, she's also a finalist. However, this round's winner is Mr. Marcus Dagga of South Africa. Which also makes him a finalist as well along with Andrey Tsvetkov. Congratulations to all three of you. Now, this final round will determine the winner of the entire tournament.
	
PAUL	I think I need a moment alone with my sister.
	
ELENA	I have to go talk to my brother. Paul, I was planning on putting an end to all this today, I swear. I came here to officially quit.
	
PAUL	Which is why I had to come and stop you.
	
ELENA	Stop me?
	
PAUL	I read the article. So did mom and dad. I spoke to them on the way over.
	
ELENA	They probably hate me.

PAUL	What are you talking about? They love you, Elena. So do I. This is what you're meant for. Believe it or not, the entire kingdom of Fenwick is rooting for you to win. It seems there are a lot of flower lovers in the world and this is the best publicity Fenwick could have hoped for. If you win, it could triple our tourist trade. You know, I spoke to Daisy the other day and she gave me a business tip. Attractions attract money and you are now the star attraction of Fenwick. Because of you, we're right back on the map.
	
ELENA	So you want me to pursue my...
	
PAUL	Your dreams, career. Absolutely. That Adam Birch was right. You are as much an American as you are a Fenwickian now. It wasn’t until I read this article and started to see you through his eyes that I finally came to understand who you are.
	
ELENA	I really have to read this article.

PAUL	You should. It's sort of a love letter. Lovely as it is, please can we lose that crown, it's killing me.
	
ELENA	Sorry.
	
PAUL	Now, on to more pressing matters. Daisy kissed me.
	
ELENA	Did she now?
	
PAUL	On the lips. Then we had breakfast together. I think she might like me.
	
ELENA	What's not to like?
	
PAUL	I don’t quite know what to do.
	
ELENA	Kiss her back. Duh.
	
PAUL	That is a thought. Right. You better go. You have a bowl to win!
	
CHARLES	This final task will determine the winner of this year's Floral Designers Tournament World Bowl. The arrangement designs are open. You can design whatever you desire. The theme is "Love". Show me your expression of love through flowers. You will have two hours.
	
ANDREY	I'm going to love beating you so much.
	
ELENA	Bring it.
	
ADAM	Don't worry about him. You got this. By the way, I never said. That's my last article for the magazine.
	
ELENA	They fired you?
	
ADAM	No, they loved it. I quit.
	
ELENA	Why?
	
ADAM	You. I guess. Because you inspired me. Writing's okay but it's not my passion. I've got to follow what's in my heart. Life's too short to not do what you love. Now, go. Win this thing.
	
CHARLES	Contestants, take your positions please. And, begin! Time's up! The moment has arrived, ladies and gentlemen. Our three finalists have given it their all to be the winner of this years’ World Bowl. Let us witness their creations. Smells so interesting. The judges and I shall now deliberate for a few minutes. But we shall return with the final decision.
	
MARCUS	I consider all of us winners.
	
ANDREY	And I consider both of you losers. There can only be one winner on the FDT and that winner is me.
	
ELENA	(speaking Russian) Don't worry Andrey baby! Yeah, I'm full of surprises.
	
CHARLES	Thank you. That was excellent work from all of you. But there can be only one winner.
	
ANDREY	Like I said.
	
CHARLES	And this year, I am proud to announce it is... Princess Elena! of Fenwick and America!
	
DAISY	That's how it's done!
	
ELENA	Thank you. Thank you guys. I really feel truly honored to be here. This has truly been a childhood dream for me. And I can't wait to share this award with my family and my friends in America and of course the great people of Fenwick. I couldn't have done it without them, they really inspired me. And I especially couldn't have done it without my partner in legal crime, Daisy. And that dashing man standing beside her, is Prince Paul of Fenwick. My brother. I actually have something for you. Marcus, do you mind? Thank you. I was inspired by you when I made this.
	
PAUL	Thank you but I'm never wearing that.
	
ELENA	That's okay. I think father has a better one waiting for you anyway.
	
PAUL	You mean for you. You're next in line.
	
ELENA	I want to take this moment to hereby announce that I'm officially and willingly abdicating my heir to the royal crown and passing down the honor to my brother, Prince Paul.
	
PAUL	No, Elena. You can't...

ELENA	Paul. You're the right person for the job. We've always known it. I talked to father and mother and they approve. I also think that King Paul of Fenwick has a nice ring to it, don’t you?
	
PAUL	I don't know what to say.
	
ELENA	Well, I'm sure you’ll think of something before the coronation. And I think I should be giving this to you.
	
DAISY	Wait. This is your story. I’m just the friend, the sidekick. No I'm not supposed... Supposed to be what? Princess? Like you always, always wanted? The grass is always greener, right?
	
PAUL	A king does need a queen.
	
ADAM	Princess Elena, I've got... I've got a last question.
	
ELENA	Yes?
	
ADAM	What are your plans now?
	
ELENA	Well, I had this crazy idea of opening up this cutting edge workshop. Kind of like a floristry design center for gardens and those interested in making all types of other arrangements for different occasions.
	
ADAM	Like weddings?

ELENA	Yeah.
	
DAISY	And coronations?
	
ELENA	Yes but maybe not this one. But I will need a partner to fulfill this dream. Interested?
	
ADAM	Yeah. You?
	
ELENA	Life's too short to not do what you love. Or to be with who you love. I finally read your article.
	
ADAM	And?
	
ELENA	Well, it was missing a few things.
	
ADAM	Such as?
	
ELENA	Such as the perfect romantic ending.
	
ADAM	I see. How about this?



	

