NARRATOR	Good evening, a Great White shark has been hunted, caught and killed after a horrifying attack near Mandurah. The shark was hooked on DRUMLINE s off Falcon and towed out to sea, but there's no confirmation it was the shark that attacked the surfer.

NARRATOR	Our whole lives, we've been taught to fear them

NEWSREPORTER	Good evening, two surfers have been injured.

NEWSREPORTER	A shark attack.

NEWSREPORTER	Multiple attacks.

NEWSREPORTER	Bitten by a shark.

NEWSREPORTER	Mauled by a shark.

NARRATOR	Monsters, murderers, man eaters.

NEWSREPORTER	Shark attack.

NEWSREPORTER	Shark attacks.

NEWSREPORTER	A shark attacks

NEWSREPORTER	Two shark attacks

NARRATOR	But what if we've been taught wrong? What if the very thing you were taught to fear had more to fear from us?

NEWSREPORTER	A shark attack.

NEWSREPORTER	Shark attack.

NEWSREPORTER	Shark attack.

NEWSREPORTER	Bitten by a shark.

NARRATOR	What if we knew we had a greater chance of being killed by almost any other animal on earth than by one of nature's oldest and most evolved species?
NEWSREPORTER	Bitten by

NEWSREPORTER	Shark attack

NARRATOR	What if our ignorance is about to wipe them out?  .

NARRATOR	Not in 100 years,

NARRATOR	not in 50 years.

NARRATOR	This generation. .  

NARRATOR	Right now

NARRATOR	They can't speak for themselves. So we must be their envoy

LAYNE BEACHLEY	I feel that one of the greatest ways that we can overcome our fear of the unknown is get to know it. 

LAYNE BEACHLEY	One of the greatest ways I've been able to reduce my fear of sharks, is swimming with them. Getting to understand their gentle curious nature 

LAYNE BEACHLEY	it was one of the most beautiful things I ever had to do 

LAYNE BEACHLEY	was just actually sit underneath a bull shark and watch it gracefully glide around over the top of me it was just so beautiful. I never ever have experienced a fear of a shark since then.

JUAN OLIPHANT	So pretty much, you know, raised in Hawaii since I was two. 

JUAN OLIPHANT	You know, I had seen them as a lot as a kid you know, spearfishing, and I still was really, really kind of a afraid of them. But it wasn't until I had a really bad accident where I broke my back. And it left me paralyzed for almost a good portion 

JUAN OLIPHANT	of three or four months. And the remedy that really, that made the healing process get better was the diving. .

JUAN OLIPHANT	And so now I was getting engaged in diving, like almost every day trying to get my back back to normal. 

JUAN OLIPHANT	And the interactions with sharks were a little bit more 

JUAN OLIPHANT	consistent, and they were far, far, far from what I was told what I saw on TV, you know, and 

JUAN OLIPHANT	they were more scared of me than I was of it and that kind of like, created this 

JUAN OLIPHANT	passion and desire to want to learn more. 

JUAN OLIPHANT	It's that fear of the unknown, you know, for most people, and then you have other people trying to fill in the gaps with that lack of information

LAWRENCE CHELBECK	So I think a lot of the public fear all has to do with fear of the unknown. It's that dark basement, or 

LAWRENCE CHELBECK	what you can't see in the water, and the more we understand about sharks and their motivations and the behaviors, the more that fear just dissolves away. 

LAWRENCE CHELBECK	I've been with HSI for almost two years now I'm a marine biologist and ocean campaigner. 

LAWRENCE CHELBECK	There's been this massive divide lately between science 

LAWRENCE CHELBECK	and between what's been accepted or what's taken as fact. And I think just as important as pushing forward 

LAWRENCE CHELBECK	our knowledge and continuing to do science and research, it's important to bridge that gap.

JONATHAN CLARK	There's something about you know, you're 20 meters underwater, and you're sitting there with the sharks, they come past you and they eye swivels around and definitely looks at you. There's that awareness there. And it's so calming and quite lovely.

JONATHAN CLARK	and they eye swivels around and definitely looks at you. There's that awareness there. And it's so calming and quite lovely.

DR LEONARDO GUIDER	Part of my mission and a lot of scientists out there and conservationists, and even people who just love sharks and just love talking about the them,

DR LEONARDO GUIDER	is to really sell the truth of it. We've got over 320 odd species 

DR LEONARDO GUIDER	of sharks and Rays in Australia. You know, half of them aren't found anywhere else in the world. 

DR LEONARDO GUIDER	And the go to species that everyone thinks of is tiger sharks, great whites, whale sharks, 

DR LEONARDO GUIDER	which are amazing, and incredibly beautiful in their own right. But there's also these other species that were just the majority people I don't think are aware of.

OCEAN RAMSEY	I grew up in the ocean, and I got to see sharks for what they naturally were, which is absolutely beautiful and fascinating. And as I grew up, I realized how important they were. I went to school for marine biology. And as I traveled around the world and worked around the world, I realized that people had a very heavy damaging misconception of them, 


OCEAN RAMSEY	 and that they're actually the real victims and the ones that have something to fear. .

OCEAN RAMSEY	I think for a very long time, people didn't know very much about sharks. So it's very easy to be afraid of them, you're afraid naturally of something that you don't know

HOLLY RICHMOND	When you see sharks under the water, they're just so majestic 

HOLLY RICHMOND	and actually a lot more scared of us than what you know what we typically are of them as well. So, getting to know sharks under the water is probably the best way to meet sharks and understand them.

MADISON STEWART	There was this moment when I was about 15 years old, and I was diving with two really big tiger sharks. 

MADISON STEWART	And it was just amazing, it was late in the afternoon, the light was beautiful, 

MADISON STEWART	and then suddenly they disappeared. So there's this is anticipation, and

MADISON STEWART	 all of a sudden out of the corner of my eye, this great hammerhead swims through the middle of the water column, 

MADISON STEWART	and its head was as wide as I was tall. And at first I thought it was a whale, it was that big. And this creature, this massive creature that I had been 

MADISON STEWART	kind of taught by society my entire life to be scared of, just passed through and didn't even pay attention to me and it was one of the greatest things I had ever seen in my entire life.

MADISON STEWART	I grew up on the Gold Coast I've been here my entire life. It's been home. And I feel like when I was a kid,

MADISON STEWART	I was the only person looking out to sea, seeing the shark nets and drum lines 

MADISON STEWART	and thinking what on earth is going on here?

JONATHAN CLARK	When I got involved in the chapter in Brisbane, I didn't have a lot of knowledge 

JONATHAN CLARK	about nets and drum lines. I was probably typical of a lot of the population.

TOM CARROL	I learned to surf on this beach,

TOM CARROL	in that water 

TOM CARROL	starting around seven years of age.

TOM CARROL	To be honest I've never even thought about the shark nets. I used to use the boys to paddle around when we were doing a lot of open ocean paddling.

HOLLY RICHMOND	I've been assisting Humpback Whale Research for the past four years, and particularly on the east coast of Australia, humpback whales are becoming 

HOLLY RICHMOND	entangled in shark nets. And 

HOLLY RICHMOND	that sparked my interest with shark nets and exactly what are they 

HOLLY RICHMOND	and what are the aims and the methods of this program? So I basically

HOLLY RICHMOND	took the initiative to go out there and get a view for myself of exactly what's happening beneath the surface.
 
HOLLY RICHMOND	The biggest misconception that people have towards the Shark Control Program 

HOLLY RICHMOND	is that a lot of people think that it's a physical barrier between them and the open ocean. 

HOLLY RICHMOND	People aren't aware that this device is a fishing device, it's there to capture and to kill passing sharks and I think a lot of people are surprised when they realize that it's not a physical barrier that is completely enclosed 

HOLLY RICHMOND	or it doesn't touch the bottom of the ocean.

NARRATOR	Bright buoys visible from the shore in the air, draw a line through the ocean, between the comfort of the shallows and the mystery of the deep.

NARRATOR	Not many people know exactly what they are, or how they work just told that it keeps them safe. Even fewer people know the truth.

OLD SCHOOL NARRATOR		Australian beaches renowned for their long unbroken surf line and 

OLD SCHOOL NARRATOR		clean white gold sand are among the most beautiful in the world. 

OLD SCHOOL NARRATOR		This lovely beach is a typical example.

NARRATOR	Shark nets were first introduced off the east 

NARRATOR	coast of Australia in 1937

NARRATOR	with drumlines 

NARRATOR	following soon after.

NARRATOR	 It's the very same decade Qantas first 

NARRATOR	started flying between Australia and London. 

NARRATOR	Flights could fit just 10 passengers, 

NARRATOR	had 21 stopovers, 

NARRATOR	and took a total of 12 days. 

NARRATOR	Our world has evolved beyond recognition since then, but shark nets and drumlines have stayed fundamentally the same. 

NARRATOR	Shark nets in Queensland are 186 meters wide by six meters, hang from the surface, and sit in water 12 meters deep. 

NARRATOR	Shark nets in New South Wales are 150 meters, by six meters are anchored to the sea floor, also in water 12 meters deep.  


NARRATOR	Both programs cover only a tiny portion of any given beach, allowing sharks ample opportunity to swim over, 

NARRATOR	under, around, and towards beaches. In fact, a high percentage of sharks 

NARRATOR	are caught inside the nets. They've already been to the beach, and are peacefully making their way back out to sea. 

NARRATOR	Drumlines use a large buoy on the surface to suspend a baited industrial fishing hook dangling below on heavy duty chains. They chum the waters, attracting sharks, in the hopes of hooking them. 

NARRATOR	If anyone in a snorkel and fins can navigate around this technology, why would we think that sharks can't?

HOLLY RICHMOND	People think that shark incidents are happening at a higher rate than what they really are. Being bitten by a shark

HOLLY RICHMOND	is extremely unlikely. 

HOLLY RICHMOND	Unfortunately, when there is a 

HOLLY RICHMOND	shark bite incident, the media jump onto this 

HOLLY RICHMOND	and they report  

HOLLY RICHMOND	it over

HOLLY RICHMOND	and over again.

JUAN OLIPHANT	There's a rogue shark out there, the jaws mentality, right? That it's got to taste for human blood and it's not gonna stop until you know, so it's just like that kind of mentality, it's so false, and it's like a lie basically, when it comes down to it.

HOLLY RICHMOND	When I've seen or heard on the news that there was a 

HOLLY RICHMOND	shark attack, 

HOLLY RICHMOND	my heart fully sinks and 

HOLLY RICHMOND	it's a really terrible feeling because, 

HOLLY RICHMOND	one, you know that someone's 

HOLLY RICHMOND	just been through something traumatic and the media has taken

HOLLY RICHMOND	 advantage of that. And two, you know that that means bad news for sharks

HOLLY RICHMOND	Trauma and sensationalism sells. And so for generations now the media has capitalized off of demonizing them.

DR LEONARDO GUIDER	Drone footage is now coming out, particularly from New South Wales, and the photography, is awesome. I mean the colors, shapes and you see surfers and you see the silhouette of a shark in the water and the headline is 'shark stalks surfer'. And it's like, no, the 

DR LEONARDO GUIDER	sharks just doing its thing. It probably hasn't even seen the surfer.

JONATHAN CLARK	The number of times that negative language 

JONATHAN CLARK	about sharks is repeated for every shark bite incident. 

JONATHAN CLARK	The number of reports 

JONATHAN CLARK	is astounding the average is in the 30s.

LAW	But the media will report on them because these incidents

LAWRENCE CHELBECK	can be tragic. They can be traumatic. 

LAWRENCE CHELBECK	We hear words like maul, man eater,

LAWRENCE CHELBECK	 attack, but 

LAWRENCE CHELBECK	more accurately these interactions are classified as just that, interactions. 

LAWRENCE CHELBECK	It's a bump or an investigative bite. 

LAWRENCE CHELBECK	We all understand that those bites can be very tragic and traumatic, but it's very, very rarely and almost never, an actual attack. .

LAWRENCE CHELBECK	And that feeds into the public psyche, of what they think. They think the sharks are out there hunting them. And that's really not at all what's happening

OCEAN RAMSEY	The tolerance that sharks show for humans being such capable predators as they are, it never ceases to astonish me and people don't give them credit for that. They swim past surfers, swimmers and divers 

OCEAN RAMSEY	all day, every day. And it's so rare that they make it mistake. You think about how many mistakes humans make. And it's just... I wish that they got that credit, and that made the news, because that's something that happens every day, and not the extremely rare mistaken identity bite.

PAUL DE GELDER	I used to be terrified of sharks. I didn't really know anything about them except what the media told me and that was always gnashing teeth, and blood and fear. 

PAUL DE GELDER	And so I fed into that. In 2005 

PAUL DE GELDER	I ended up passing selection course for the Navy clearance divers and started 

PAUL DE GELDER	a whole new career, and I didn't just find my dream job, I found my dream life. 

PAUL DE GELDER	In 2009, I had been a clearance 

PAUL DE GELDER	diver for about four years, and every single time, honestly, 

PAUL DE GELDER	I got in the water, I had sharks on the brain. Even though sharks terrified me, I had a focus to get that out of my mind.
PAUL DE GELDER	I was swimming in the water on the surface right in Sydney Harbor, right alongside the Navy base. And I was on my back, on the surface, kicking my legs doing

PAUL DE GELDER	what we call finning. I was facing the other direction, making sure I was headed

PAUL DE GELDER	towards the warship where I was supposed to be going

 PAUL DE GELDER	and I felt this massive whack in my leg. And I turned back around and came face to face with a massive shark's head. And I didn't know what to do.
PAUL DE GELDER	I never even seen a big dangerous shark before. And then all of a sudden, it's attached to me. 

PAUL DE GELDER	My survival instincts kicked in. I thought I've got to get this thing off me.

PAUL DE GELDER	But I couldn't move my arm because my hand was in its mouth.

PAUL DE GELDER	And so I grabbed it by the nose and I tried to lever it off my leg but all that did was push the teeth of the lower jaw deeper into my leg. So in a last ditch effort, I cocked back to punch it in the nose,

PAUL DE GELDER	and it started to shake me and I can't even tell you how painful this was.

PAUL DE GELDER	It took me underwater, and I wasn't just in pain.

PAUL DE GELDER	I was terrified. This was my worst nightmare.

PAUL DE GELDER	Then I thought I was gonna die.

PAUL DE GELDER	The shark's tail splashed water into my face and kind of shook me back to reality. And I realized, oh, I'm not dead. And I thought I've gotta get back to the safety boat. So my

PAUL DE GELDER	laser like focus, all that Navy training and army training kicked in. My sole entire mission 

PAUL DE GELDER	was to get back to that boat. As soon as the guys pulled me into the boat.

PAUL DE GELDER	I just relaxed, just for the simple fact that I was safe. My eyes roll back in my head, and I passed out, nd

PAUL DE GELDER	my mate Tomo sprang into action. And his medical training told him that I was going into cardiac arrest. And so he straddled me and started pummeling me in the chest trying to stimulate my heart to wake me back up, and it worked. And I woke up, and I looked at my hand, and it was gone. And

PAUL DE GELDER	 I looked up, and Tomo was beating the crap out of me. And I just thought... today sucks. 

PAUL DE GELDER	After the shark attack, the media was coming to me to talk about 

PAUL DE GELDER	shark interactions all around Australia. And so I had to learn, so that I knew what I was talking about, so I can give an educated opinion instead of just an opinion. And through doing that research and building that knowledge on sharks, I started to learn about the plight of sharks about how much strife they're in about what we do to them. And the

PAUL DE GELDER	old adage goes, knowledge dispels fear, and that was so true for me.

JONATHAN CLARK	The title of the program in New South Wales is 

JONATHAN CLARK	the Bather Protection Program. There is the underlying message 

JONATHAN CLARK	we're the government and we are keeping you safe from this big scary thing. In Queensland, we call it the Shark Control Program. I defy anyone to control shark. 

JONATHAN CLARK	How do you control one of the greatest animals in the ocean? How do you do that?

DR LEONARDO GUIDER	So the Shark Control Program in Queensland and I hate 

DR LEONARDO GUIDER	using the word 'control' because you cannot control an animal. 

DR LEONARDO GUIDER	But for the lack of a better phrase, the Shark 

DR LEONARDO GUIDER	Control Program in Queensland as it stands, its intention is to kill sharks, to cull them.

HOLLY RICHMOND	My first time swimming 

HOLLY RICHMOND	with a tiger shark was on a drumline on the Gold Coast, and she was literally taking 

HOLLY RICHMOND	her last breaths in front of us. She been hanging there for quite some time. 

HOLLY RICHMOND	Probably early hours in the morning and she was suffocating on this drumline and I was able to get really close to her and I couldn't...looking at the details of this animal was insane, the patterns on their skin. And people always refer to shark's eyes to be lifeless and soulless, and dark and black. 

HOLLY RICHMOND	But looking at her eyes, they were light colored brown and they were so beautiful and deep. You could be looking into the eyes of a turtle or your own dog at home. 

HOLLY RICHMOND	That moment really made me feel connected to these animals and made me realize that they're just crying for help, and we're just endlessly killing them.

MADISON STEWART	I've seen multiple tiger sharks hooked on drumlines. In fact, the first one that I ever saw in Australia was hooked on a drumline 


MADISON STEWART	and it was very difficult for me to film because I got in the water with it, thinking it was dead, but then it's eye was still moving, so it was just this animal that I'd always associated with such power and presence in the ocean. And it was just like laying there... dead. 

MADISON STEWART	It was like going into yard and seeing your own pet dog hooked up on a drumline. 

MADISON STEWART	Most people talk about getting in the water with sharks for the first time and their hands are sweaty, and their heart's racing, and they're freaking out. That's exactly how I felt when I got out of the water after filming a dead one. My heart was racing, my hands were sweating. It was terrifying. 

MADISON STEWART	It was the only time I've been in the water with a shark that I was truly unable to control my reaction. Seeing that animal dead on a drumline was really sad and really horrific. And the saddest thing about all of it is living in a country where people kind of rooted that on, and wanted that to happen, and in their eyes that was a good thing.

NARRATOR	For 83 years and counting we've been running the world's longest marine cull. These culling programs 

NARRATOR	off Australian shores add to the millions of sharks killed globally each year. 

NARRATOR	However, unlike the fishing industry, these culling programs specifically aim to kill some endangered 

NARRATOR	and protected species. Like the Great White. Unlike regular fishing, there are no size limits in these culls. 

NARRATOR	Making juveniles who haven't reached breeding age yet, fair game, decimating an already threatened population in the name of safety.

PAUL DE GELDER	I understand that parents and surfers and everyone that 

PAUL DE GELDER	frequents the beach in Australia wants to remain safe. I don't want anyone to get attacked either trust me it hurts. I don't want anyone getting hurt. I don't want anyone dying. 

PAUL DE GELDER	The problem that I have with the culling of sharks around Australia, is that it's not a solution, by any means. It's a false sense of security at best, which is only lulling people more into the ocean to risk their lives, the nets that they have around Australia, especially Queensland and New South Wales, they don't go to the bot TOM CARROL of the ocean, they don't go to the top of the water, they don't span the whole beach. The sharks can swim around it, over it and under it, and there's nothing stopping them from getting to the beach. Now I understand they've put them in there to maybe take out a few of the sharks that are hanging around, but sharks don't domesticate one area, they migrate. These sharks that are swimming through Australian waters, especially the Great Whites that were killing. They didn't belong to Australia. They'll swim, they've been known to swim all the way to Hawaii. 


PAUL DE GELDER	They swim all the way down the coast, all the way down to New Zealand, they interbreed down there. They swim back up the coast, they follow the whales, they follow the fish. They're the ocean sharks. They're the world's sharks. They're not Australia's property 

PAUL DE GELDER	to kill. And this is what happens when you have government ministers running departments, that they have no education in, no background in, and don't know what they're doing. They just pander to the loudest common denominator. And that's usually the people calling for the death of animals, especially sharks.


LAWRENCE CHELBECK	So anecdotally, what you hear from a lot of people that are out on the water, a lot from fishermen, and such, 

LAWRENCE CHELBECK	is that sharks are in plague proportions. And what we need to remember that these are very intelligent animals that have an ecological feeding plasticity that can change their behavior, 

LAWRENCE CHELBECK	and follow this salmon run here, or go over here when they need to. They've been around for 350 million years perfecting the ability to change 

LAWRENCE CHELBECK	their behavior for high success feeding opportunities. And now 


LAWRENCE CHELBECK	fishermen, and fishing boats, provide that high success feeding opportunity. So the fact that there's a massive decline of sharks and that fishermen are seeing many of them around their boats, are not mutually exclusive. Fishermen can see many, many sharks around their boats because 

LAWRENCE CHELBECK	they know that this is where they can get an easy feed. However, shark scientists everywhere around the world including the east coast of Australia 

LAWRENCE CHELBECK	will tell you that sharks are dwindling. Sharks are in major decline and have been for about the last 50 to 60 years.

JONATHAN CLARK	We know that the general population of sharks has been in great decline 

JONATHAN CLARK	and there is science absolutely backing that. We know that tiger sharks on the Queensland coast since 1962, 

JONATHAN CLARK	the science is saying around about 73% decline, which is absolutely massive.

JUAN OLIPHANT	Hearing numbers like 70 to 100 million sharks are killed every year. And the big one that got me was that in 30 years, we've killed 90-95% of the world's shark population. In 30 years, like, what's gonna happen another 30 years, they're gone, right? You know, when you hear those kind of numbers, you're like, whoa, what? You know, rewind.


NARRATOR	Programs like this are a global anomaly. Only two other countries on earth operate culling programs, South Africa, and France . That's it. Everywhere else in the world, it's understood, their home your risk. 

NARRATOR	There's another chain of islands all alone in the middle of the Pacific Ocean that is confronted by these very same challenges. 

NARRATOR	A paradise where sharks carry a strong cultural significance held sacred by many families, 

NARRATOR	as their ancestral spirit guides. Traditionally respected, but not feared. 

NARRATOR	Hawaii.

OCEAN RAMSEY	It's so sad unfortunate that even in Hawaii multiple decades ago, 

OCEAN RAMSEY	they actually culled sharks some of the methods being nets or drumlines. And it was scientifically documented in study to show that 

OCEAN RAMSEY	it does nothing to reduce the number of adverse interactions. 

OCEAN RAMSEY	And so we've scientifically proven that culling is not effective, and can actually 

OCEAN RAMSEY	attract sharks closer to shore.

JUAN OLIPHANT	Back in '91, there was a series of mistaken identity bites, so about seven. 

JUAN OLIPHANT	No fatalities, but it was within like a three month span. 

JUAN OLIPHANT	So the community especially here on the North Shore of Oahu was 

JUAN OLIPHANT	really concerned and it kind of sparked a cull, you know, and, I was just a kid at the time, but it was a scary time. It was just the fear throughout the community and it's probably similar to in certain parts what's going on in Australia right now, but it was really sad. I mean, they killed I think that estimated at the time that they were done 

JUAN OLIPHANT	in that year period, they killed over 500 tiger sharks. 

JUAN OLIPHANT	So it was really bad. 

JUAN OLIPHANT	The really nice thing about that period though, a scientist named Carl Meyers was doing a study on it. And he proved that culling was actually not effective. 

JUAN OLIPHANT	And in fact that when you take out a large apex predator, like a tiger shark, 

JUAN OLIPHANT	which is a very territorial animal, and nomadic species, 

JUAN OLIPHANT	you're actually reducing that area to allow more smaller juvenile sharks. 

JUAN OLIPHANT	And the larger sharks are actually a lot more knowledgeable about what's a food source, what's not a food source. So in essence, you're bringing these teenagers in that are still trying to figure out what's going on. And those are the ones making the mistakes, not these big, large, beautiful females or adult tiger sharks, 

JUAN OLIPHANT	and so it was making the situation worse by killing the large sharks. 

JUAN OLIPHANT	So growing up with that fear, it's so interesting to see where am I at today, you know, and my whole life has kind of feels like it's been about protecting an animal that I grew up so petrified of.

OCEAN RAMSEY	And so we've used that research to try and push, and more so the community and conservation efforts, 

OCEAN RAMSEY	to push to ban the purposeful killing of sharks and rays. And in the last few years, this push for protection for sharks has been met by some opposition at different levels. The first level was financially, could they actually enforce the law? We address that through support, through ecotourism. 

OCEAN RAMSEY	And so actually taking a very small percentage of money from people who want to go see a live shark 

OCEAN RAMSEY	and that could easily fund that bill. So it's really, it's tough working

 OCEAN RAMSEY	in the political systems, but it is possible, and every year the number of people in support of these bills is growing.

NARRATOR	Until now these programs have operated under a veil of secrecy. 

NARRATOR	They have successfully avoided intense scrutiny from the public eye. 

NARRATOR	Some politicians are adamant that these programs keep swimmers safe. Citing the low number of fatalities at beaches where culling occurs. 

NARRATOR	But has it really saved human lives by killing hundreds of thousands of sharks? 

NARRATOR	The Great Barrier Reef. An Australian icon. So remarkable 

NARRATOR	you can see it from space. The jewel in our marine crown. It is the world's largest coral reef ecosystem,

 NARRATOR	home to thousands of unique species. It's one of the best known natural wonders of the world. Already under threat from warming and acidifying oceans,

 NARRATOR	it's important to know how critical sharks are to keeping these fragile ecosystem alive and just how dangerous it could be to remove them.

DR LEONARDO GUIDER	Austrians love the Great Barrier Reef. I mean, intuitively instinctively, 

DR LEONARDO GUIDER	you know, you can feel it. I'm thinking it right now I just say Great Barrier Reef and I'm like, yes, Australia. But how to articulate that into words. I think that's actually the beauty of it. The fact that you can't really articulate it. It's 

DR LEONARDO GUIDER	magical and mystical. I think that's why people love the Great Barrier Reef and when you do get a chance to see it, I mean, aside from pictures and videos. When you do get a chance to see it. It's mind blowing.

DR LEONARDO GUIDER	The Great Barrier Reef Outlook Report 2019 is a report that's done every five years. 

DR LEONARDO GUIDER	And it assesses the health of the Great Barrier Reef, the pressures, the challenges it faces, the gaps in our knowledge and also it gives a bit of a projection of its likely future. 

DR LEONARDO GUIDER	Unfortunately, the latest report has downgraded the Great Barrier Reef from being in poor health to very poor health. 

DR LEONARDO GUIDER	It identified as a key threat to the resilience and health of the reef, is the removal of predators top level predators, and that includes your sharks and there's an issue 

DR LEONARDO GUIDER	with some species that are under considerable threat.

HOLLY RICHMOND	Sharks play a vital role in any ecosystem. And by taking out sharks off the Great Barrier Reef, 

HOLLY RICHMOND	we're gonna see dramatic effects so we're gonna see impacts on even the lowest of levels with corals and the amount of algae that grows on the corals.

DR LEONARDO GUIDER	If we take out the sharks, your middle fish exploding numbers, and these middle fish are sometimes herbivores, so they might eat the algae on the coral, the coral or animals around the coral. And if their numbers essentially grow unchecked, then all of a sudden the coral is experiencing a lot of pressure it otherwise wasn't under, then the herbivores have got nothing left to eat, and then they kind of fall apart.

DR LEONARDO GUIDER	The sharks actually perform more than just a predatory role. It's quite complex how they work for an ecosystem. 

DR LEONARDO GUIDER	Sharks also modify the behavior of other animals in the system. So a great example, 

DR LEONARDO GUIDER	looking at tiger sharks and dugongs. What the tiger shark does is, it comes into an area. The dugong is happily munching away on seagrass 

DR LEONARDO GUIDER	around a reef ecosystem, a coastal ecosystem, a seagrass meadow or whatever. It's happily munching away, getting its fill, not a care in the world. 

DR LEONARDO GUIDER	The moment it senses or notices a tiger shark in the area, 

DR LEONARDO GUIDER	all of a sudden it's on its toes, it stops eating and it might dart off 

DR LEONARDO GUIDER	somewhere else and ate a little bit there 'cause it's now more concerned about being eaten itself, 

DR LEONARDO GUIDER	than eating the seagrass. 

DR LEONARDO GUIDER	So seagrass actually stores more carbon than rainforests. 

DR LEONARDO GUIDER	What the tiger shark is doing by modifying or changing the behavior of the dugongs, 

DR LEONARDO GUIDER	one, it's looking after the little guys, so these fish can grow up and venture out into the ocean. And two, it's helping us fight climate change. 

DR LEONARDO GUIDER	So the tiger shark protecting the seagrass it's ensuring that we have a good carbon store.

HOLLY RICHMOND	We can't just take one species or one type of animal out of an ecosystem and expect 

HOLLY RICHMOND	the rest to function normally. It all interlinked with each other and taking the sharks out, you're actually gonna have a really big impact on the coral reef and that impacts 

HOLLY RICHMOND	our tourism in Australia. We have a lot of people that wanna see the Great Barrier Reef, but by taking sharks out of that ecosystem,

HOLLY RICHMOND	 it's not gonna be the same.

DR LEONARDO GUIDER	We've had some studies come out that show that that having sharks on the reef, boosts not only the kinds of fish you find there, 

DR LEONARDO GUIDER	but just the absolute numbers of fish by having sharks there. And it's one of the reasons why reef areas are particularly popular with fishers, both commercial and recreational, 'cause there are a lot of fish, and the sizes of fish are reasonably decent. And to have that support on a reef ecosystem, you need sharks.
MADISON STEWART	So when I was about 12 years old, I did my first ever trip to the Great Barrier Reef. 

MADISON STEWART	And there was this one spot where 

MADISON STEWART	my dad and I would get in the water for a night dive. And we'd wait for the divers to leave and we'd stay under the boats 'cause the boats had these big floodlights 

MADISON STEWART	that would bring all the little fish around, and then all the sharks would come around to eat these little fish. So there was

 MADISON STEWART	bout 20 to 30 little Grey Reef Sharks behind the back of the boat. And I used to do this thing where I would breathe really heavy in my SCUBA equipment 

MADISON STEWART	and accelerate my heart rate. And the sharks would pick up on that, and they would come in and start, like, buzzing me, and getting all excited. And that was like this little game I played with them. It's was the first time that I really had an amazing connection with sharks. 

MADISON STEWART	But the very next year, I came back to that same spot, the same reef, the same dive, same time of year. 

MADISON STEWART	And there were no sharks there. There was like one shark in the distance 

MADISON STEWART	too scared to come close to the light. And that for me, kind of woke me up a little bit. 

MADISON STEWART	And when I turned 14, I really started to focus on things that were happening in my own backyard, which was a Great Barrier Reef where I grew up diving, 

MADISON STEWART	and I had no idea that there were things threatening what I always thought was a Marine Park.

PAUL DE GELDER	Queensland... they're just killing sharks. They've got drumlines in the Great Barrier Reef Marine Park. 

PAUL DE GELDER	One of the seven natural wonders of the world. 

PAUL DE GELDER	We're not just fishing it and wiping it out. We're not just coral bleaching it and wiping it out. We're killing the doctors of the reef. 

PAUL DE GELDER	The animals that keep the whole ecosystem in check. 

PAUL DE GELDER	Now what does that tell you about the future of our Great Barrier Reef in our Australian waters?

NARRATOR	As politicians debate human lives versus shark lives, protecting our ocean versus tourism dollars, there is something we've all been missing. One simple question in this whole culling debate that has only very recently been asked. 

NARRATOR	Is it even legal?

LAWRENCE CHELBECK	So a few years back the Great Barrier Reef Marine Park Authority issued a permit for Queensland's Department of Agriculture and Fisheries 

LAWRENCE CHELBECK	to operate 173 lethal drum lines within the boundaries of the Great Barrier Reef Marine Park. 

LAWRENCE CHELBECK	So we had a look at that permit, we realized 

LAWRENCE CHELBECK	that allowing the

LAWRENCE CHELBECK	 lethal take of apex predators 

LAWRENCE CHELBECK	within a World Heritage Area Great Barrier Reef Marine Park was

LAWRENCE CHELBECK	in direct violation of the Great Barrier Reef Marine Park's mandate to protect the ecological viability of the reef. 

LAWRENCE CHELBECK	We had a look at that permit, and were trying to investigate

 LAWRENCE CHELBECK	if there was any legal recourse we could take to challenge that. 

LAWRENCE CHELBECK	So we called our good friends, the Environmental Defenders Office, 

LAWRENCE CHELBECK	we attempted to find a middle ground with Queensland Fisheries and were unable 

LAWRENCE CHELBECK	to do so. And that's when we learned 

LAWRENCE CHELBECK	that within the bounds of the Administrative Appeals Tribunal, we would be able to challenge that permit.

LAWRENCE CHELBECK	In court, we built our argument around two facets. The first of which is that

LAWRENCE CHELBECK	removing apex predators from a World Heritage Area 

LAWRENCE CHELBECK	and protected ecosystem is not a good way to protect that ecosystem. And second of all, 

LAWRENCE CHELBECK	and probably most importantly, is that shark culling has no impact on swimmer safety. 

LAWRENCE CHELBECK	The Queensland Department of Agriculture and Fisheries own expert witness 

LAWRENCE CHELBECK	admitted on the stand that if the lethal component of the Shark Control Program was ended TOM CARROLorrow it would have no impact on swimmer safety. 

LAWRENCE CHELBECK	We got a 10 minute heads up from our lawyers that the decision was coming down. 

LAWRENCE CHELBECK	And so it's 10 minutes of stressful waiting, and then when we finally get the document and we're reading through it, and not completely understanding the technical jargon, 

LAWRENCE CHELBECK	and then we're all coming at the same time slowly to this realization 

LAWRENCE CHELBECK	holy , we won.

REPORTER	Sharks caught on drumlines will no longer be killed but tagged and released following a significant court wined by environmentalists. While the ruling is limited to the Great Barrier Reef for now, experts want the decision expanded.

LAWRENCE CHELBECK	The tribunal found the evidence that shark culling had no scientific basis and had no proof to be reducing the risk of shark bite, 

LAWRENCE CHELBECK	and that this program was negatively impacting the health of the Great Barrier Reef. They found evidence to those points to be, quote, "overwhelming". 

LAWRENCE CHELBECK	And in any other circumstance, this would have been a hollwood, mic drop, end of the movie moment.

DR LEONARDO GUIDER	The Queensland government's reaction.

DR LEONARDO GUIDER	 I don't know how to describe it. It seemed very odd. 

DR LEONARDO GUIDER	There's an opportunity to move forward, and they stalled.

POLITICIAN	We need to ensure that we're putting people before sharks.

REPORTERS	The government agrees, announcing it plans to appeal.

POLITICIAN	We will always put human life first. 

POLITICIAN	The community expectation is that their beaches are kept as safe as possible.

LAWRENCE CHELBECK	some sweeping changes across the program, that were better gonna protect the public, better protect the ocean, better protect the reef. 

LAWRENCE CHELBECK	But instead, they really doubled down on their position and I guess this is just indicative of what we see all over the world in politics today.

LAWRENCE CHELBECK	Politicians are doubling down 

LAWRENCE CHELBECK	on what they said in the beginning, and digging themselves in holes further and further. And shark culling is no stranger to this. It'll be so important, this federal appeal, 

LAWRENCE CHELBECK	as if we can win that we will really give them no other option.

NARRATOR	 In spite of all this, the Queensland Government continues to refuse to follow the overwhelming evidence 

NARRATOR	uncovered in this case, instead, simply moving every single drumline that were forced to remove from the Marine Park,

NARRATOR	to just outside its borders. 

NARRATOR	At the turn of the millennium, the Environment Protection and Biodiversity Conservation Act was introduced, 

NARRATOR	requiring any activities harming 

NARRATOR	protected species, like the killing of Great Whites, to seek approval. 

NARRATOR	Due to a loophole in the act, anything lawful taking place prior to the introduction of the Act, can continue free from any formal approval process, so long as it doesn't expand. 

NARRATOR	New South Wales have held their end of the bargain, keeping the program the same size, 51 beaches since the year 2000. But Queensland continues to push its luck with the law. They have expanded and intensified the Shark Control Program significantly in the past 20 years. 

NARRATOR	Breaching the very loophole they use to avoid needing official approval. 

NARRATOR	And they are suffering zero consequences. This could well be the next legal challenge to culling.

MAN	come back here with that camera for a minute, please, I haven't finished.

MAN	She's got certain... concerns about the safety of the operation-

MAN	No, I want that camera.

MAN	So we'll just get your names and addresses of this stage. And we'll get the full details from the lady on board, okay.

MICAH	Back in 1992, on Easter Monday, myself and two kids from a neighborhood were hanging out all day. One of them, his name was Paul Rogers. 

MICAH	It was a typical hot day in the Easter holidays on the Gold Coast. So we asked our parents 

MICAH	if we go surfing they said yes, as long as we surf right next to the patrol flags. 

MICAH	I had been surfing the previous two weeks, so I knew that there was a drumline that had been washed in. 

MICAH	I paddled out, and I noticed my two friends didn't get out of the back. I was a little bit older, I was 11, 

MICAH	so I was thinking, you know, maybe they're just struggling to get through the little white waters, to get out back. I drifted into the patrol flags where we

MICAH	aren't allowed to surf and I thought, okay, instead of paddling against the 

MICAH	current, I'll run around and see if they're in the shore break and I'll join them. 

MICAH	As I got to the beach, 

MICAH	I was running on the sand and I seen a bunch of lifeguards 

MICAH	bringing Paul in, and my immediate thought was, oh, wow, Paul is helping them with their training. 

MICAH	They put him down on the ground, and the second they put him on the ground, they started CPR. 

MICAH	The first thing I noticed was when I looked down at Paul, 

MICAH	I could see his ankle had these really deep intense rope or cable marks that would look like it was wrapped around his ankle. 

MICAH	His eyes were open, and the guys were doing CPR were crying and it all kind of like sunk in you know, we're just little kids and it's like, oh, my God. 

MICAH	It was the next morning when I was heading to the hospital to see him, and um, he was in intensive care, and then on the radio it came on that he didn't make it. 

MICAH	That's something that I'll never forget, that I'll always lived with. I just don't, I don't know man, I just... 

MICAH	The audacity that this Shark Control Program, or the people that run it. To use Paul as a way to bring in a ruling to protect their own interests 

MICAH	for them to use his death as an excuse to try and stop people investigating what's going on. 

MICAH	Do you know your negligence is directly responsible for my friend's death? Like directly responsible. There's no other way to cut it. You put an object in the water, it washed in, it was there for two weeks, and you didn't remove it. You pass the blame on to other people, you pass the responsibility to the lifeguards, to the Surf Lifesaving Club, you didn't get it out. And you know this equipment, when it gets washed in and buried, you can't get your Shark Control boats in there. 

MICAH	And you don't go and cut them, like why the hell aren't you cutting them and removing them? Why are they even there in the first place? 

MICAH	It just shows where their intent lies, it shows it's not there for protection, it's there for their own intent. 

MICAH	I'd love to know the response from the actual people that are in the water, 

MICAH	and I'd love to hear their opinions of it, instead of a fisherman whose job is to go out and kill stuff. But 

MICAH	what about all the rest of us? You know,

MICAH	we don't want animals being caught on hooks and wrapped in nets off where we're surfing and swimming.

MICAH	It's like, the person who's doing this, like where's your morals? Like, where's your heart in this? You say you're there to protect us, but you're not, you probably sit in an office, 

MICAH	you're the one in the lineup, you're not the one who's kid is surfing there. Have you even taken into consideration how his mom feels. No. She's likem an amazing woman, with an amazing kid. Like Paul was the nicest kid you could ever meet. And took that away, he'd be 38 today. And now 27 years later, you wanna bring a rule in that just protects yourself. It has no interest in protecting anyone else. So it really shows where your true colors are.

REPORTER	A teenager is tonight counting his lucky stars after coming within centimeters of the jaws of a shark. He had been surfing off Bribie Island when the predator struck.- 18 drum lines along Bribie Island keep the public relatively safe, but they can't stop every shark.

JONATHAN CLARK	In Queensland, history 

JONATHAN CLARK	shows us, and the CSIRO has published data, to show that in the 1930s there were a considerable number of shark bite incidences on the Queensland coast, including the Gold Coast. 

JONATHAN CLARK	In the 1930s, the 1940s, the numbers are quite high. And then the numbes started dropping off in the 50s and the 60s. And since then the numbers have remained flat. So the numbers have remained flat from before the Shark Control Program equipment has been deployed. And so you can't put a causal link between the low numbers and the Shark Control Program equipment.

PAUL DE GELDER	 More people die from drowning around Australia. So many more people die from drowning around Australia, than die from sharks. 

PAUL DE GELDER	And yet, there's no attention being brought to the drowning problem, only killing of sharks.

DR LEONARDO GUIDER	When you look at shark mitigation, you know, 

DR LEONARDO GUIDER	just because you've been doing something for so many years, doesn't mean it's the right way. I mean, societies have changed over a variety of issues because cultures change, perceptions change, technology changes, knowledge changes. So when you look at shark mitigation, if we use the analogy of road safety,

DR LEONARDO GUIDER	60 years ago the road toll was a lot higher. 

DR LEONARDO GUIDER	Since then we've gotten better with car technology, 

DR LEONARDO GUIDER	ABS braking, airbags, road education, people getting 

DR LEONARDO GUIDER	their licenses has improved. We've improved our road laws, 

DR LEONARDO GUIDER	and we've reduced the road toll. And guess what? We didn't take cars off the road. 

DR LEONARDO GUIDER	So why would shark control be any different? Why would we say, no, let's stick to what we've been doing for the past 60 years. Let's not move with the times. Let's not move with technology. Let's not move with education. Let's not move with the knowledge we get. And still go oh, yeah, but everything's fine. It does not make sense.

JONATHAN CLARK	On a Gold Coast they're all for killing animals in the ocean, in the name of their tourism industry, 'cause 

JONATHAN CLARK	they seem to be scared down there of the day when the sharks are going to walk out on their fins on the beach, and start biting people.

MADISON STEWART	It's more discouraging here in Australia than it is for example, in Indonesia. In Indonesia I work with fishermen that spend weeks offshore killing hundreds of sharks. 

MADISON STEWART	And I have more respect for them, because they're doing that to feed their families. Whereas here we're doing it for a false sense of comfort. We have absolutely no right and no excuse to be treating our wildlife 

MADISON STEWART	the way that we do other than blind ignorance and selfishness. So it's far harder to respect things that are occurring in my own country, and to see it from their perspective. 

MADISON STEWART	We react to sharks like they are terrorists. 

MADISON STEWART	When I'm in America, and someone's been bitten by a shark. And when I lived in Hawaii, and someone was bitten by a shark, 

MADISON STEWART	everybody's like, oh, well, he knew the risks. And this is their home, not ours. But in Australia, it's so different. It's like... we're out for blood now, revenge time. 

MADISON STEWART	Our biggest mistake, being public Australians, that 

MADISON STEWART	interact with these animals every day, is putting our faith in the government to protect us, because that is not their goal. And so far, they've not been successful with that.

NARRATOR	Sharks aren't the only victims of the cull. 

NARRATOR	At some beaches, up to 97% of animals 

NARRATOR	caught in nets, are made up of other innocent marine life. Whales, dolphins, 

NARRATOR	rays, turtles. Animals that are loved 

NARRATOR	all around the world. 

NARRATOR	Animals that are on the endangered species list. Animals that are supposed to be protected, in our waters.

LAWRENCE CHELBECK	Shark culling has many destructive unintended consequences and it's mostly coming from by-catch. Whales, dolphins, turtles, rays, 

LAWRENCE CHELBECK	and all of these animals are incredibly vital to these ocean ecosystems that are already under so much stress.

MADISON STEWART	So the very first time I went out to the shark nets was on this dodgy little dinghy with a friend of mine and really rough weather, and I saw three dead stingrays, and it was just as huge wake up call of how on earth is this happening and how are people ignoring it. 

MADISON STEWART	I think that the whales being caught is probably the only thing that really makes the public look at them and think, 'oh, wow, that's terrible'. 

MADISON STEWART	And since then I've had the opportunity to go out there and see the damage they're doing off our coastline a lot more. So it's been one of the hardest things that I've ever had to come up against in conservation as well, because you're dealing with something people think protects them. 

MADISON STEWART	If you can see all the other stuff caught on them. It's insane.... 

HOLLY RICHMOND	The day that I found a humpback whale caught in a shark net 

HOLLY RICHMOND	was possibly one of the worst days of my life. To see this animal, that we see on our coastlines, breaching, and slapping, and playing, 

HOLLY RICHMOND	and to see one, physically wrapped in a net and just silenced there. Doing a behavior that obviously I've never seen before. It was just, it was hopeless, and 

HOLLY RICHMOND	it was just sitting there, just able to breathe on the surface. So getting in the water with that whale was the first time I've ever swam with the whale. And it was just still, and it would just come up for breaths every now and then. 

HOLLY RICHMOND	And I remember the rope just being entangled around its face rubbing on its eye and it, 

HOLLY RICHMOND	there was nothing it could have done. It was physically exhausted, you could see along the dorsal fin, along the spine, it was cut in... 

HOLLY RICHMOND	bleeding. And just looking at its face as well, just being completely entangled in that net was really horrible to see. And it was one of those moments where you wanted to get closer, to look at it more. 

HOLLY RICHMOND	But at the same time, this animal is highly stressed. 

HOLLY RICHMOND	Humpback whales will migrate past this coastline 

HOLLY RICHMOND	every year during winter. And they basically will go up to Northern Great Barrier Reef, give birth to the young and migrate down south... and they're doing this on a limited budget of energy. 

HOLLY RICHMOND	So there's no food sources along this coastline for these guys. And it's very important for them to use their energy wisely and if they are entangled in net, that takes a lot of energy, a lot of stress. 

HOLLY RICHMOND	We never found a target species in the shark nets. All the rest were all by-catch. That takes a toll on you as well, because you're in the water filming 

HOLLY RICHMOND	these animals. We mentally prepared for the by-catch, but nowhere near as much as 

HOLLY RICHMOND	what we actually found. So that was something that really sort of hit home is 

HOLLY RICHMOND	realizing that we were finding animals that 

HOLLY RICHMOND	we didn't think that we would find.

JONATHAN CLARK	I've had the experience of listening to the footage afterwards, where I've been the captain on the on the boat, and so managing the operation. I have this dedicated crew of people who, by the nature of what we're doing, these are people who care deeply about everything that we do and about every one of those individual animals. I've had to listen to the responses of my divers 

JONATHAN CLARK	when I look at that footage afterwards. I might not know what's going on underwater except for what I'm told. But when I listen to a diver, crying underwater, when I listened to a diver, spontaneously apologize to the animals under there. It gets me. When I'm sitting there in 

JONATHAN CLARK	my living room watching it on a computer, to try and 

JONATHAN CLARK	get that message out. How do we do that

JONATHAN CLARK	effectively?

JONATHAN CLARK	And how do I look after my crew, when we're doing that. 

JONATHAN CLARK	And we're not just doing it once. We're doing it again, and again and again.

NARRATORS	By baiting and trapping marine animals, with only intermittent checking, nets and drumlines are creating a floating seafood buffet for our apex predators. There's evidence to show that because of this, 

NARRATORS	these measures are luring large sharks closer to shore for an easy meal. Given the proven effectiveness of these measures 

NARRATORS	in the first place, logic tells us that we have question, 

NARRATORS	how safe this is really keeping us. There's always a bigger, 

NARRATORS	hungrier fish out there. Do we really want to be enticing them to our beaches?

HOLLY RICHMOND	Through our findings, we found animals that were there for more than a week, that had fully started to decompose. 

HOLLY RICHMOND	The chemicals and the smells that are leaching into the water from the entanglements. 

HOLLY RICHMOND	And same goes for the baited drumlines. You're gonna be learning sharks closer to shore.

JONATHAN CLARK	So let's go back to putting baited hooks, just off the surf breaks, just off the swimming beaches. Does that actually make sense?

PAUL DE GELDER	I've actually worked with the DPI in New South Wales on their SMART drumlines for a very brief period of time. 

PAUL DE GELDER	And these drum lines are attracting sharks in. Now, they said they wouldn't... But when I was out there on the boat, we caught two great whites, on the same hook, within a matter of minutes. And this was half a kilometer from a popular swimming beach. So what does that tell you about what these drumlines are attracting to their baited hooks?

HOLLY RICHMOND	 Not only is it the deceased animals that are luring sharks close to shore, but the stressed animals, sharks can sense that. 

HOLLY RICHMOND	They can sense the vibrations and pulses through their sensory system, that there is an animal in distress, that could potentially be a prey item. 

HOLLY RICHMOND	So if it's dead or alive, any animal caught in shark net, 

HOLLY RICHMOND	a shark passing by is most likely going to come over and 

HOLLY RICHMOND	be curious about what's in this net.

JONATHAN CLARK	And through the entanglement that I witnessed in Noosa the other day, those beaches are not cleared. 

JONATHAN CLARK	Now I'll tell you at Noosa, we know that there was a large shark under that net. And of course, an injured stressed animal is going to be an attractant for that predator. Was the beach cleared? No, it wasn't. 

JONATHAN CLARK	When that wire was left at the Billinga beach on the sea floor after it died, were the beaches cleared, 

JONATHAN CLARK	was there an education program put in place? No, there wasn't.

HOLLY RICHMOND	 There was one particular time where we found a shovelnose ray caught in the bottom of the Surfers Paradise net on the Gold Coast. 

HOLLY RICHMOND	And this ray had this humongous bite mark out of it. So this large shovelnose ray was about two to three meters. We checked 

HOLLY RICHMOND	all the nets on the Gold Coast that day and there was no shark in any of the shark nets 

HOLLY RICHMOND	and that raises the question. This animal was caught in this net, and the shark had managed to maneuver 

HOLLY RICHMOND	around the net, without becoming entangled in it.

REPORTER	There is a monster shark measuring more than five meters lurking off North Stradbroke Island, the Bligh government's released photos showing how it mauled another large white pointer.


REPORTER	Like a bit of bait on a hook. The predator which became a meal for an even bigger shark, after being caught on a drum line, about half an hour from where Sarah Wiley was killed by a shark at Amity Point. The state government's take on it is that we should be happy the Shark Control Programs is doing its job catching the smaller shark in the first place. But what about the monster which feasted on it?


JONATHAN CLARK	When you tell people that an area is safer, 

JONATHAN CLARK	when you haven't indeed made it safer. That leads human beings to make decisions, to do things they feel confident there's less risk in, 

JONATHAN CLARK	and there may be more risk. It leads people to take extra risk.

LAYNE BEACHLEY 	I learned to surf just there, at Manly Beach, right there in the southern corner in front of the surf club. 

LAYNE BEACHLEY	My dad was a clubbie at Manly Surf Club. My older brother Jason is a surfer. Any girl that grows up 

LAYNE BEACHLEY	with an older brother surfing, they wanna do it with them too. I can honestly say, I do it a little bit better 

LAYNE BEACHLEY	than my brother.

TOM CARROL	So the ocean is kind of like a spiritual home for me. My mother 

TOM CARROL	gave me a surfboard just before she passed away. So in essence, that surfboard took me into the ocean,

TOM CARROL	so the ocean has been kind of been holding mem abd the surfboards been holding me since. In a way that, yeah, I don't know it's hard to explain. 

TOM CARROL	There's definitely an on the moment thing that the ocean just tells us how to actually be really present with her. 

TOM CARROL	And I think that's why I kind of go back to her, because she just absolutely demands all my attention.

LAYNE BEACHLEY	When I'm out here at Freshwater, for example, and 

LAYNE BEACHLEY	I talk to local surfers, and I ask them 'what's your position on sharks and shark mitigation', one of them said to me today: "See no evil, hear no evil, speak no evil." 

LAYNE BEACHLEY	I'm seven times world champion surfer, and chair of Surfing Australia,

LAYNE BEACHLEY	 and I completely understand that the minute I immerse myself in the water, I'm immersing myself into their environment, their domain, 

LAYNE BEACHLEY	and you have to accept that they're a predator. I feel that mentality is widely respected around the world in surfers. I can't speak on behalf of every surfer, but I know 

LAYNE BEACHLEY	from my individual perspective, I recognize that there is an inherent risk every time I enter the water. I do what I can to mitigate that risk, but I'm also willing to take that risk. 

LAYNE BEACHLEY	My desire to surf is unwavering irrespective of whether there's shark nets there or not. 

LAYNE BEACHLEY	Having traveled the world as a professional surfer, I've surfed in countless oceans and countless surf spots where I know there aren't nets 

LAYNE BEACHLEY	and that has never affected my choice to go surfing or my decision to go surfing.

TOM CARROL	I take personal 

TOM CARROL	responsibility anytime. I think that's our... I hope that's our culture here in Australia, you know. I hope to think every Australian can think like this. 

TOM CARROL	To be honest, I've been surfing, 51 years now. 

TOM CARROL	And while surfing, I may have seen five sharks,

TOM CARROL	not just surfing part-time. That's surfing a lot. In remote areas around this country where you're gonna see sharks. 

TOM CARROL	When we look at the shark, which has been around here for millions of years, it's literally a dinosaur. It 

TOM CARROL	may appear to us, to be a really dangerous creature and 

TOM CARROL	bring up a lot of fear. 

TOM CARROL	I've had first hand experience with that. I looked at him, straight in the eye. 

TOM CARROL	Big sharks. And they've had a kind of response to me like, hmm, 

TOM CARROL	that person's a predator too.

LAYNE BEACHLEY	There's a very low chance of being bitten by a shark. 

LAYNE BEACHLEY	Like, the chances are very slim, very slender. You have a higher incidence of being hit by a car or stung by a bee and dying from that, than you do a shark attack. 

LAYNE BEACHLEY	I'm a believer and an advocate for coexisting. You know, we know as ocean lovers that once we immersse ourselves in the ocean, we're going into a shark domain. And we have to recognize that that is one of the risks that we're willing to accept. 

LAYNE BEACHLEY	Given we know what we know today, 

LAYNE BEACHLEY	it is absolutely archaic that we're relying on a program that was devised in 1930. 

LAYNE BEACHLEY	When I think about culling programs, I just think it must come from a lack of education and a cultural belief. 

LAYNE BEACHLEY	So if you really wanna truly educate yourself, get off the board and dive underneath and spend some time on the botTOM CARROL.

TOM CARROL	We're sophisticating ourselves in so many areas now, we've got a lot of great technologies and that it just keep on evolving. 

TOM CARROL	We've got to tap into that. And so we can live with nature... because we are nature. 

TOM CARROL	If we can use technology to actually create that scenario. 

TOM CARROL	I think that's ideal.

LAWRENCE CHELBECK	I think New South Wales, the shark management 

LAWRENCE CHELBECK	program here and the shark management strategy, is in very much a transition phase. And it has been for probably a decade now, where it's moving away from lethal controls like shark nets and lethal drumlines. 

LAWRENCE CHELBECK	So SMART drumlines have been used for a few years down here in New South Wales. 

LAWRENCE CHELBECK	A SMART drumline is 

LAWRENCE CHELBECK	very similar to a traditional drumline. It's a baited hook on a floating buoy, about 500 meters off shore. 

LAWRENCE CHELBECK	The differences is that it has a GPS transceiver that sends a message to a satellite once an animal is hooked, 

LAWRENCE CHELBECK	that sends another message down to the contractor, who can race out there. 

LAWRENCE CHELBECK	Preferably or hopefully within about 30 minutes

LAWRENCE CHELBECK	 of an animal being caught. If it's a non-target animal, 

LAWRENCE CHELBECK	it's released on the spot immediately. And if it is a target shark, it can be tagged and relocated. 

LAWRENCE CHELBECK	So there's a smartphone app 

LAWRENCE CHELBECK	along with Shark Smart that will send people a message who have the app when a tagged shark comes within the vicinity of a listening station. 
LAWRENCE CHELBECK	What it does is, it's changing attitudes. It's allowing people the option who want to choose 

LAWRENCE CHELBECK	a place to bring their family, or for them to enjoy the ocean, and 

LAWRENCE CHELBECK	allows them to look on their phone, see if there's a shark sighted in that area, and it allows them to make that decision independently and bring some of that responsibility home. 

LAWRENCE CHELBECK	And I think that change of attitude is very, very important for us to start, not relying so much on the government making decisions 

LAWRENCE CHELBECK	for us, but providing information so that we can make those informed decisions on our own. 

LAWRENCE CHELBECK	We are still concerned about animal welfare of sharks and other animals being caught on the SMART drumlines 

LAWRENCE CHELBECK	and how healthy they are once they're released.

MADISON STEWART	We're not the only country with this issue. There are countries 

MADISON STEWART	all around the world that are tackling it differently. And when you look at those systems, 

MADISON STEWART	it's insane to think that we haven't started doing that here yet. 

MADISON STEWART	There are systems getting worked on in Australia, and all around the world, to protect people against this very issue of shark attacks, and some of them are far more effective. Provenly effective, that what we have here right now.

NARRATORS	 Right here in Australia, and in other places around the world, we are developing less destructive and more effective technology to protect us while enjoying our oceans. 

NARRATORS	Solutions that actually protect people, and have no unintended side effects, 

NARRATORS	establishing a safer future for both humans and sharks to coexist.

JACKIE	So we started out, very early on in a lot of the New South Wales Government trials and just seeing if drones could actually be used to spot sharks, 

JACKIE	and how we could use that for mitigation. So from very early phases, through to working out if it could be used, 

JACKIE	to developing standard operating procedures of what heights, and what we could actually see,
 
JACKIE	then we've sort of developed with that program. Lifeguards literally have them on the beach now as a tool, 

JACKIE	so helping develop their training packages and their procedures there as well. 

JACKIE	Just after a few months of starting, I noticed that starting to read comments online 

JACKIE	like "we should to go to this beach, they have drone shark surveillance, and lifeguards". There's definitely different technologies that are coming along. 

JACKIE	There's a few different companies working with it. Australia is definitely leading the way in this. 

JACKIE	I think drone technology is here. Like right now, let's just use it.

LINDSAY	Look, the way the technology works is actually ridiculously simple. Sharks have the same senses that we have to find food. So sight, sound and smell, 

LINDSAY	but they also have these little electrical receptors in their snout called Ampullae of Lorenzini, they're little gel-filled sacs. Now every living creature gives off an electric field. 

LINDSAY	And so you might see in a nature video a stingray swimming along the sandy bottom and then digging down and finding a crab. They found that crab, because of the electrical field 

LINDSAY	coming off the crab. So you can see how sensitive these things are. And so what you do, is

LINDSAY	you get two electrodes, you run a current between the two electrodes, and it creates an electrical field that's thousands of times stronger than what the shark would expect to experience. The shark comes near it, causes the gel-filled sacs to spasm turns away. Exactly the same as if I shine a bright light in your face in your eyes, you would just take turn away. The eyes are over sensitized. So it doesn't harm the shark, because the shark and leave the area. 

LINDSAY	So the University of Western Australia, what they did is they got the diving product. 

LINDSAY	They put a bait canister on the device, 

LINDSAY	they took it to South Africa. 

LINDSAY	They had 322 interactions with the bait. 

LINDSAY	43 different Great White sharks, and only one shark bumped the bait 

LINDSAY	when it was turned on. When it was turned off, 

LINDSAY	the sharks would come in and bite the bait all the time. So, amazingly successful. 

LINDSAY	So the diving product is the one that's been around the longest, it was developed in the 90s. 

LINDSAY	The surfboard product is on generation number two, and 

LINDSAY	it's been around for quite a while as well now.

JUAN OLIPHANT	For me as a surfer, I would utilize every type of device 

JUAN OLIPHANT	that I could to make it safer for me. 

JUAN OLIPHANT	When you're going to extreme areas where you know there is predators hunting in that area. Use what you can.

SARA	The Shark Safe Barrier is a new technology
 
SARA	that is designed to simply keep large sharks separated from people. 

SARA	We've been observing White Shark's hunting around thick forest of kelp for quite a while in Gansbaai in South Africa, 

SARA	and cape fur seals are actually utilizing the thick kelp to hide from shark predation. 

SARA	The Shark Safe Barrier comes from the combination of two very well known shark deterrents. 

SARA	One, is the visual appearance of a thick forest of kelp that have been proved to be avoided by large sharks. 

SARA	We suspect that is because they want to prevent getting entangled in thick forest of kelp. 

SARA	So by presenting the shark with something that they naturally recognize as a barrier, 

SARA	is a big plus, as they know they have to avoid it. 

SARA	Then the second part of the technology that is a shark deterrent, are large ceramic magnets. The magnetism 

SARA	overwhelms the six sense of the shark and acts as a deterrent. 

SARA	We tested it by putting chum on one side of the barrier, 

SARA	a food source that the shark can recognize as such, to try and convince the shark to swim through it. But none of the experiments we did, any of the sharks actually crossed the pipes. 

SARA	It is shark's specific. Every other marine animal can just swim through it, 

SARA	and it is designed to protect surfers. There are other eco-friendly systems that can keep swimmers separated from sharks but compared to the Shark Safe Barrier, 

SARA	they have the limitation of being deployable only in very calm weather. While the Shark Safe Barrier... once it's installed, 

SARA	it's designed to stay there. 

SARA	We can put it in deep water, we can put it behind surfers, to protect their back as they're surfing. So we are really, really trying 

SARA	as hard as we can to have a minimal impact to the environment 

SARA	by providing a solution that is safe for both the marine life, and the people using the beach.

JONATHAN CLARK	We could trail all these technologies concurrently with the current Shark Control Program over a season. 

JONATHAN CLARK	Learn how to operate it, give people the reassurance that we putting in these non-lethals. Monitor, do the science on the non-lethals while you're doing it. 

JONATHAN CLARK	You know, for example, have the drone technology and 

JONATHAN CLARK	record how often you see sharks, how often you make people safer 

JONATHAN CLARK	by bringing them in to the beach, and then tracking shark and knowing when to put them back out. Let's do that science, 

JONATHAN CLARK	do it while the nets and drumlines are still there for a season. 

JONATHAN CLARK	There is a political answer for you, that gives us a transition to a non-lethal shark control program, which I'm gonna tell you... if we are concerned about tourism in the state. Progressive and positive messages about the way we treat our wildlife, is gonna be paramount.

MADISON STEWART	The way that we treat animals off our coastline, the way that we walk around like we are in the ocean here... 

MADISON STEWART	most countries would be absolutely ecstatic to have the kind of wildlife that we do, and we just abuse that privilege, so much. 

MADISON STEWART	We ignore it as well. And I always remember being in school and we had people come talk to us about snakes, whe had people come talk to us about drugs, and we had people come talk to us about all kinds of things. We had surf life savers come talk to us about rips. But nobody taught us about sharks.

LAYNE BEACHLEY	Education is key. And if we're uneducated, then we tend to just be ignorant. 

LAYNE BEACHLEY	And then we just go with what we're told. And unfortunately, we're being told lies, we're being told, we're actually being fed bullshit 

LAYNE BEACHLEY	around what is feasible, what's a feasible way to mitigate the risk.

OCEAN RAMSEY	There are wonderful alternatives to culling. And I think that it starts with education 

OCEAN RAMSEY	in the community, on what they as individual citizens can do, to avoid an adverse interaction, and educating them about 

OCEAN RAMSEY	where it might be safer to swim, maybe employing more lifesavers who would actually save a lot more alive than these culling practices, 

OCEAN RAMSEY	which are probably more endangering lives. A shark bite or an adverse interaction 

OCEAN RAMSEY	an adverse inaction, reduce your chances of encountering a shark... 

OCEAN RAMSEY	and that's looking around and being aware. Actually turning your body around. OCEAN And factoring in environmental conditions like your proximity to other marine animals, 

OCEAN RAMSEY	runoff, rivers, stream outlets, 

OCEAN RAMSEY	fishermen, fishing harbors, 

OCEAN RAMSEY	and minimizing splashing on the surface, and bright fluorescent colors, that make you stand out amongst everything else.

DR LEONARDO GUIDER	The Shark Control Program, or basically stopping culling, is one thing 

DR LEONARDO GUIDER	that we can do relatively quick, that will reduce some of the pressure 

DR LEONARDO GUIDER	that sharks face. In order to, I suppose, 

DR LEONARDO GUIDER	formally make a decision and then enact that decision, that in itself takes time. But we're hoping that sooner rather than later, especially, you know, for people who do use the water... sooner rather than later, effective safety measures are put in place.

LAWRENCE CHELBECK	There are shark advocates everywhere. I think anyone who's fortunate enough, as I have been, to be able to spend some time in the water 

LAWRENCE CHELBECK	with some of these animals, they'll all tell you what a spiritual experience it is. And you see their behavior, and you see the thoughtfulness behind their eyes. 

LAWRENCE CHELBECK	And anyone that's been able to experience that immediately becomes a shark advocate. You just cannot help it, 

JUAN OLIPHANT	Kind of turning that fear into a fascination and that fascination into like a healthy respect 

JUAN OLIPHANT	to wanna do something to help protect them. Especially once you hear the information. And I'm hoping that can be an infective thing, 

JUAN OLIPHANT	where other people will do the same thing that I did, basically. And that's what I'm trying to do with my photography 

JUAN OLIPHANT	is just showing that we can coexist, that we can share the same waters with these animals and that we need these animals. Like, most people just don't know the truth. And if they did, I have to feel like they would make changes in the way that they consume things, and the way that they would actually vote, with their dollar 

JUAN OLIPHANT	or even just with a voice. Just speaking out for these animals... they need it now more than ever. I mean, if those studies are even remotely close and 5% of the world's shark population is all we got left. 

JUAN OLIPHANT	There's never more importan time to act than right now.


PAUL DE GELDER	Every time we enter the ocean, we're taking our life in our hands, because it is not our backyard swimming pool. 

PAUL DE GELDER	Everything we do to control nature has a domino effect that ripples down onto us. So we have to take care of this environment, we have to treasure our sharks and understand exactly what it is they do to keep their ecosystem in check.

OCEAN RAMSEY	I hope that more people's eyes will be open to the importance of sharks, 

OCEAN RAMSEY	their plight, and that people will join together and do something to help protect them. Just like what was done for the protection 

OCEAN RAMSEY	of whales and many marine animals and cetaceans, and even turtles around the world. And I think that, I see the change already, especially with the influence of media and different companies getting on board and getting involved.

JUAN OLIPHANT	Your voice matters, you know, especially 'cause you don't know what kind of chain reaction it's gonna have. You don't what kind of seed is gonna plant and you know the politicians and the big businesses will listen to the masses. 

JUAN OLIPHANT	Start. Don't think that you can't make a difference because you can.

MADISON STEWART	The shark nets, are the one thing that I have never successfully dented. 

MADISON STEWART	It's just an insane enemy to be up against. 

MADISON STEWART	So I've always been at war with them throughout my entire life. It's probably one of the biggest wars in shark conservation, because it is such a delicate issue. 

MADISON STEWART	It is just off our coastline, but it's so hidden from the public. Making that awareness possible is really difficult. And dealing with people's mentalities is really difficult. So, I don't know it's always been a huge challenge to me, and I feel pretty confident and what I've been able to do for sharks around the world, but here... it's one of those things that I think I'll be battling for the rest of my life.

NARRATORS	Humans have shared the oceans with these animals for mere fraction of their 

NARRATORS	450 million year existence. Sharks are the ultimate apex predators. 

NARRATORS	They have survived and adapted throughout ice ages, 

NARRATORS	heat waves and mass extinctions, to be the perfectly evolved creatures we share our oceans with today. 

NARRATORS	But there is one mass extinction, they are struggling to survive.

NARRATORS	The one out arrogance, entitlement and fear is fueling. 

NARRATORS	There are positive changes being made, driven by a dedicated few, but we need more voices. 

NARRATORS	At this point in our history, we know that we must protect them, not just for them to survive, 

NARRATORS	but for our own survival. Sharks will survive just fine without us, but we cannot survive without them. For their future and ours, we must become their Envoy.

PROTESTERS	Save the sharks.

PROTESTERS	Save the sharks.

REPORTER	Thousands held protests in Melbourne and Perth on Saturday, they called on the Western Australian government to abandon the shark culling plan announced last month. Six people have been killed by sharks and several more attacked in the local waters since September 
2011.

MAN	And that's gonna target large sharks including the vulnerable Great White Shark and we believe it's 2014, and we're beyond that now.

REPORTER	Under the plan baited drumlines would be set off local beaches to catch Great White sharks, Tiger and Bull sharks bigger than three meters. Protesters claim killing sharks would devastate the marine ecosystem.

REPORTER	The protests grew from hundreds, to thousands.

FEMALE PROTESTER	It's their water.

PROTESTERS	[Crowd] Stop the salughter.

MOTHER PROTESTER	Please... just change the policy.

REPORTER	Some protesters went too far, with death threats against the premier and fisheries minister and abuse for contract fishermen. 

REPORTER	But even shark victims didn't like the drum lines.

PAUL DE GELDER	Killing animals isn't the greatest idea. It's barbaric, it's ridiculous.

REPORTER	In three months last summer 172 sharks were caught more than 60 were SHOT; or found dead. None were Great Whites.

NEWSREPORTER	Good evening, the state government's drumline policy has been scrapped after the Environmental Watchdog warned against it. The premier used the EPA report to pull the plug on the controversial kill. Matt Tilly what does that mean for our beaches this summer?

NEWSREPORTER	Libby, put simply this summer sharks will not be caught and killed like we've seen before. In fact, we may never see it again. Colin Barnett, now thinks Perth beaches are safe without drumlines but he says he still has a responsibility to try to prevent shark attacks.

NEWSREPORTER	Dead in the water, the state government's drumline policy has effectively been killed off.

NEWSREPORTER	No, look, I don't think drumlines will apply in Western Australia for the summer. And probably maybe not again.

NEWSREPORTER	The state government had planned to deploy drumlines in two months, up to 72 off Perth and the Southwest from November to April until 2017. But today, the Environmental Protection Authority gave the proposal the thumbs down.
POLITICIAN	The EPA has recommended that this proposal not be implemented. I repeat, the EPA has recommended that this proposal not be implemented.

REPORTER	The EPA says there's a high degree of scientific uncertainty about impacts on the viability of the southwestern Great White shark population. The government had estimated up to 25 Great Whites would be killed as part of the program...


