Millionaire	Pull your socks up and get to work!

Millionaire	By Jove, It says I will be robbed! But how? When?

Millionaire	What should I do?

Millionaire	So, White Storm wants to steal my riches?

Millionaire	This looks like a smart hiding place, I'm too clever.

Carlson Fox	What do you think, Detective Riller?

Gordon Riller	I've got it figured out.

Gordon Riller	White Storm knocked the security guard out cold

Gordon Riller	Threatened the victim into opening the safe

Gordon Riller	Took the money inside

Gordon Riller	Then killed the victim with that wooden boat.

Gordon Riller	You can take my word for it

Gordon Riller	Mystery solved. Case closed!

Carlson Fox	Why not kill the security guard?

Gibson	He attacked me from behind.

Gibson	Maybe cause` I didn’t see him?

Gordon Riller 	Brilliant deduction!

Carlson Fox	Brilliant deduction!

Gordon Riller 	reasonable enough.

Carlson Fox	reasonable enough.

Watson	How about Sherlock Holmes opinion?

Gordon Riller	No need. I said case closed!

Sherlock	Not so fast

Gordon Riller 	Huh?

Carlson Fox	Huh?

Sherlock	Although White Storm has committed many crimes

Sherlock	He has never hurt anyone

Sherlock	Don’t you find this suspicious?

Carlson Fox	There’s a first time for everything

Carlson Fox	Desperate perhaps?

Gordon Riller	We don't need you here, Sherlock

Gordon Riller	My genius has solved the case already so don’t meddle with the crime scene.

Sherlock	You’re the one who meddles. I scrutinize the evidence.

Gordon Riller	That… really hurt...

Sherlock	Hmm...

Sherlock	Hmm...

Sherlock	Hmm...

Carlson Fox	Hold on now! What are you doing with that filthy soot?

Carlson Fox	Stop right now

Gordon Riller	Sherlock, if you keep messing with the evidence

Gordon Riller	Even the Queen of England can’t bail you out

Sherlock	Hmph.

Gordon Riller	Huh? What is this?

Gordon Riller	Why is there a hole in the roof!

Sherlock	You must be Gibson. How are you holding up?

Gibson	A little sore. How did you know my name?

Sherlock	Just a wild guess

Gordon Riller	Sherlock, what is this all about huh?

Sherlock	Isn't it obvious Detective? The killer is still in this room…

Sherlock	And it's him!

Gibson	Me?

Gibson	This must be a mistake

Gordon Riller	you have a lot to learn.

Sherlock	This safe has indeed been opened.

Sherlock	But there is no evidence of force.

Sherlock	The logical conclusion , White Storm found the key.

Watson	But, how would he know where to find the key?

Sherlock	Before each burglary White Storm always sends a letter to his target

Sherlock	Alarmed, the target  would move their precious item to a safer location.

Sherlock	In this case, White storm snuck in later

Sherlock	stole the key, opened the safe, left his signature card, then made his get away.

Sherlock	When our victim discovered the theft he likely scolded his security.	Gordon Riller So out of anger he hit the victim with the boat!

Gibson	That's not what happened!

Gibson	Let me go! That's not a reason to kill someone

Sherlock	Detective Fox, What know you of the victim?

Carlson Fox	A great deal.

Carlson Fox	He was a tycoon in the whaling industry, extracting whale blubber for lamps and he made a fortune.

Carlson Fox	But as London gradually converted to electricity the entire industry collapsed.

Carlson Fox	He was forced to retire.

Sherlock	And that is when he decided to become a loan shark

Sherlock	Lending money to sailors though they couldn't afford the interest.

Sherlock	That’s why his most valuable assets were the loan contracts inside the safe.

Sherlock	Who knew that White Storm would burn them all?

Sherlock	Gibson was one of his borrowers and was forced to work as security to pay the debt.

Sherlock	Enraged that all the loan contracts had burnt to ashes

Sherlock	The victim tried to force Gibson to sign a new loan.

Sherlock	Needless to say, Gibson refused.

Sherlock	Known for his greed and temper the Victim lashed out at Gibson with his fountain pen.

Sherlock	That’s is how fibres from Gibson’s clothes got on the tip of the pen

Sherlock	At that moment, the maid came to serve breakfast.

Sherlock	Gibson threw the new loan contract into the fireplace,

Sherlock	then he pretended to pass out on the floor.

Gordon Riller	Oooh... Hold on a second!

Gordon Riller	If the contract was burned, how could you know this?

Sherlock	Gibson hadn’t noticed that the fireplace had been put out 

Sherlock	However, the residual heat from the ashes was enough to singe the contract.

Sherlock	Making it no longer legible.

Sherlock	However, when the victim was writing the new Contract

Sherlock	He wrote it on top of the evening newspaper on the desk

Sherlock	It seems he was too angry

Sherlock	Because he pressed really hard when he wrote his draft

Sherlock	The ink from the newspaper had smeared on the back of the writing paper

Sherlock	Since printing ink contains flammable substances

Sherlock	Burnt out rows singed through the paper 

Sherlock	Based on this remaining charred fragment

Sherlock	I deduced that the evidence might be on the newspaper

Sherlock	so I scattered charcoal dust on it

Sherlock	And the contract was revealed

Gibson	He was a greedy wolf who bullied the poor

Gibson	But I didn't mean to kill him

Carlson Fox	Let’s go! Save your story for the court!

Gordon Riller	That was some lucky guess, Holmes

Gordon Riller	But White Storm the thief is mine!

Gordon Riller	Also, he might be out of your league!

Sherlock	We shall see.

Sherlock	Even the cleverest man makes mistakes sometimes.

Telephone Salesman	Mr. Holmes, I guarantee you

Telephone Salesman	This is absolutely the most important invention after the steam engine.

Sherlock	Pardon? The most important what now?

Telephone Salesman	The most important invention

Telephone Salesman	If you don’t embrace the new era, the new era will leave you behind.

Telephone Salesman	Uh... Mr. Holmes?

Telephone Salesman	This is better than anything I ever sold you before!

Sherlock	Found it!

Telephone Salesman	This is different

Telephone Salesman	I guarantee it will change your life forever

Telephone Salesman	You can be one of the first one to…

Sherlock	Please, to the point.

Telephone Salesman	I call it… Mobile Phone!

Telephone Salesman	The mobile phone will change communication forever

Telephone Salesman	With this you won’t need to go all the way to the post office just to make a call.

Sherlock	It's not working.

Telephone Salesman	The line isn’t connected yet

Sherlock	what line?

Telephone Salesman	The telephone line

Telephone Salesman	For you, early bird price at £100! 

Sherlock	Why not!?

Watson	Good grief! That's 3 years rent. Where will you find the money?

Sherlock	Watson, we can't possibly turn down such a marvel.

Watson	What about our rent?

Sherlock	You’re a gifted doctor. See more patients.

Telephone Salesman	Please sign here.

Sherlock	If you don’t embrace the new era, the new era will leave you Behind

Telephone Salesman	Well said!

Bunny	Mr. Holmes! I heard a rumor

Bunny	What is that?

Sherlock	What have you heard?

Bunny	What is that?

Sherlock	What have you heard?

Bunny	What is that?

Watson	It's our new home for 3 years.

Watson	What have you heard, Bunny?

Bunny	Someone’s peddling jewelry by the slums near the riverside in the East End

Bunny	I heard they’re stolen goods. Shall we go look?

Sherlock	White Storm! Onwards, Watson

Watson	I had hoped London entered a new era

Sherlock	Where there is new, there is old.

Sherlock	People turn a blind eye to the poor.

Watson	But these are the people who must not be forgotten.

Sherlock	I wish we could do more

Sherlock	Even if you were to spend all of your money

Sherlock	it would barley feed them for a week.

Sherlock	How much can we really help?

Watson	Your words sound so cold.

Sherlock	The truth is not always agreeable dear Watson.

Watson	The new era has abandoned not only these ships,  but people too.

Street Kid 01-A	It’s mine! I nicked it!

Street Kid 01-A	It’s mine! Let go of it!

Street Kid 01-A	Told you it’s mine!

Street Kid 01-B	What do you mean it’s yours? I helped nick it too!

Street Kid 01-B	That’s not fair! Give it back!

Watson	There's danger here.

Sherlock	This way.

Watson	Come on, let’s go! What are you doing?

Sherlock	Thinking ahead.

George	Well well, what do we 'av 'ere then? Ya see this lads?

George	Mr. Heartless…

George	Far from home, aren't ya?

Sherlock	I heard that someone is peddling acquired goods here.

Sherlock	I’m hoping to pick up a cheap pocket watch for myself.

George	Acquired goods?

George	Why not say what ya really mean. You're calling us theives!

Watson	I'm sure you gentlemen abide by British Law.

George	We abide by slum laws.

Walla	Slum laws! Slum laws! Slum laws! Slum laws! Slum laws! 

Sherlock	Since you are all experts in the law

Sherlock	I wonder if you have ever heard of this proverb

Sherlock	Justice is blind!

George	Find em!

Watson	Good grief! I'm exhausted Sherlock.

Sherlock	Onwards, Watson.

Watson	Perhaps, a spot of tea would energize me.

Sherlock	My thoughts exactly.

Watson	I must say, fancy.

Watson	Looks expensive.

Sherlock	Good thing you have a lot of patients.

Cakeshop Waitress	Mr. Holmes

Cakeshop Waitress	These are all of our cake varieties.

Sherlock	Most kind.

Watson	You certainly are amazing.

Watson	While I struggle to pay all our rent you go around and get treated like royalty.

Sherlock	Huh...

Sherlock	It turns out what Bunny heard isn’t true

Sherlock	No one would go to the slums to sell jewelry.

Sherlock	White Storm hadn’t gone there to find a buyer. He was helping the poor with his stolen goods.

Sherlock	Could he be, a thief with a heart?

Sherlock	I’m guessing that every time he goes there he would bring cakes for the children.

Watson	So cake is a clue? Why didn’t you tell me earlier?

Watson	And I thought tea was my idea, but I see you were way ahead of me.

Watson	In all our years together, you still amaze me.

Watson	Why thank you, Dr. Watson.

Sherlock	Excuse me.

Cakeshop Waitress	Yes?

Sherlock	May I ask how many cake shops around here Sell this same kind of lemon cream cake?

Cakeshop Waitress	Hmm, perhaps a few.

Cakeshop Waitress	But I assure you that ours is the best

Sherlock	Any customers come here and buy whole cakes recently?

Cakeshop Waitress	All the time. What do you wish to know?

Sherlock	Any unusual customers?

Cakeshop Waitress	Uhhh, hmm. There is one, on occasion, he would buy all of the lemon cream cakes.

Sherlock	And this morning?

Cakeshop Waitress	Yes

Sherlock	If he buys them all, then how did I get a slice?

Cakeshop Waitress	He came late today

Cakeshop Waitress	Most of the lemon cakes were sold to other customers already

Cakeshop Waitress	Your slice was the last one.

Cakeshop Waitress	You are very lucky Mr. Holmes

Sherlock	Indeed I am

Sherlock	this man who buys the lemon cake

Sherlock	Tell me, what does he look like?

Cakeshop Waitress	He is slightly taller and older than you Mr. Holmes And he wears glasses

Cakeshop Waitress	He just ordered an extra large 5-lb cake to be delivered

Cakeshop Waitress	To Santa Maria Orphanage for a birthday party the day after tomorrow	

Sherlock	Santa Maria Orphanage?

Bunny	Dr. Watson! Dr. Watson!

Bunny	I heard that Mr. Holmes has ordered a whole table full of cakes

Bunny	Do you need my help?

Watson	If only your feet were as fast as your ears, you could have saved me from overindulging.

Watson	The cakes were simply too delicious

Sherlock	White Storm buys cakes for children all the time

Sherlock	It’s quite benevolent of him.

Watson	Come now, Sherlock.

Watson	Perhaps he just wants the poor to protect him.

Watson	Don't be fooled, Holmes.

Sherlock	Wise words, Watson.

Alice	Unbelievable!

Alice	You're always late with rent and now dodgy people are here smashing the flat to bits

Alice	What have you got to say?

Telephone Salesman	You’re back. The telephone line is connected

Telephone Salesman	Calls can be made now

Sherlock	Splendid!

Alice	Huh? What is it?

Sherlock	A telephone! My own telephone!

Sherlock	I can make calls at home. Isn’t it amazing?

Bunny	Amazing!

Alice	Wow!

Alice	Isn’t it really expensive?

Sherlock	Oh, Alice.

Sherlock	If you don’t embrace the new era, the new era will leave you behind

Sherlock	The future is worth investing in

Alice	At what cost?

Alice	My aunt will want to know why you're late with the rent

Alice	This is outrageous!

Alice	Give me your number so I can call to remind you about the rent!

Sherlock	Now, who should I call?

Bunny	Call me! Go on! Call me!

Sherlock	You’re standing right here. Call you?

Switchboard operator	Good morning! Number please

Sherlock	Please connect me to the Queen.

Switchboard operator	The Queen?

Switchboard operator	Young man, don’t make pranks. There are seven other people trying to make calls.

Bunny	Let me! let me!

Bunny	Connect me to the Queen of England

Sherlock	What did the Queen of England say to you? 

Bunny	That I’m a royal pain in the rear.

Watson	What’s so funny?

Bunny	The Queen of England! I just spoke to her on the telephone!

Bunny	Isn’t that amazing? I think it’s really amazing!

Watson	The mark of White Storm!

Sherlock	I must reciprocate the courtesy.

Walla	Story time! Story time! Story time!

Orphanage Matron	Ah for a rainy day, let me see.

Orphanage Matron 	Which story should I pick? 

Orphanage Teacher	Headmistress

Orphanage Teacher	Mr. Sherlock Holmes is here. He says he needs to ask something of you.

Orphanage Matron	Perfect timing! I can asks something of him also

Sherlock	This is beneath my brilliance

Watson	Go for it.

Orphanage Matron	Children, please give a round of applause

Orphanage Matron	And welcome our storyteller today The great detective, Mr. Sherlock Holmes

Sherlock	Hmm... Hm.

Sherlock	Must I really?

Walla	Good morning!

Sherlock	Actually, all of my detective stories

Sherlock	Are written by my good friend, Dr. Watson

Sherlock	Please welcome the brilliant storyteller - Dr. Watson

Watson	Don't you dare leave me alone

Sherlock	I couldn't find a more brilliant mind

Watson	You want to hear a detective mystery?

Watson	Sure.

Watson	One day, there was an amazing trapeze acrobat artist who…

Orphan 01-A	I know!

Orphan 01-A	He slipped and plunged to a tragic death.

Orphan 01-B	That’s so brilliant!

Orphan 01-A	I know.

Orphanage Matron	Thank you. The children haven’t been this happy for a very long time

Orphanage Matron	We’re having a birthday party tomorrow

Orphanage Matron	Why don’t you come by, and share more of your wonderful stories?

Sherlock	Sure. Whose birthday is it?

Orphanage Matron	The oldest one in the back. Her name is Katie

Sherlock	I see 

Sherlock	The nearby cake shop is well known for their lemon cream cake

Sherlock	Why don’t I buy one for the party?

Orphanage Matron	What a coincidence. But you really don’t have to.

Orphanage Matron	That cake happens to be Katie’s favorite

Orphanage Matron	Her benefactor buys one for her every year

Sherlock	Well that’s nice. Can’t believe there’s such a giving person in London nowadays

Orphanage Matron	London has many wealthy people

Orphanage Matron	But not many are willing to donate…

Orphanage Matron	The only reason our orphanage has survived is because of his annual donations.

Sherlock	And do you know who this benefactor is?

Orphanage Matron	Unfortunately, not. He’s very secretive.

Watson	The end!

Watson	That’s the end of the story. Any questions?

Orphan 01-C	Guess who ate my muffin this morning?

Watson	I’ll let our great detective find the culprit

Sherlock	Uh...

Orphan 01-C	Alright then. Tell me, who ate my muffin?

Sherlock	You did.

Orphan 01-C	Wow! You're amazing!

Orphan 01-B	How come my poop sometimes floats And sometimes sink to the bottom?

Sherlock	Because when you’re a good boy and eat more vegetables  Fibre is lighter than water, making your poop float

Katie	Don’t be a picky eater

Orphan 01-D	Mr. Holmes

Orphan 01-D	Please, is it possible you can you help Katie find her father?

Orphan 01-D	So they can reunite as a family?

Sherlock	Well, I’ll… try my best

Orphanage Matron	Children, stop running. Time for a bath.

Katie's Friend A	It was amazing to see Mr. Sherlock Holmes

Katie's Friend A	When I’m older, I want to be a great detective too

Katie's Friend B	So do I. Do you think maybe we should start up our own agency someday?

Ronald	Hello

Katie	What is it?

Katie	Ronald?

Ronald	Happy birthday

Katie's Friend A	We’ll leave you two to chat

Gordon Riller	It must be him

Sherlock	He is just a lad

Gordon Riller	Maybe White Storm is a lad

Sherlock	No. I doubt this lad is Katie's father

Carlson Fox	How do you know White Storm is the girl's father?

Sherlock	It was tough work

Sherlock	First, I had to deal with a group of crazy little goblins

Sherlock	Then the giant ogre almost choked me to death before I got the Information

Sherlock	Her callous grandfather didn’t know who the father was, so he refused to take Katie in

Sherlock	She was sent to Santa Maria Orphanage instead

Sherlock	but the orphanage was on the verge of closing down due to insufficient funding

Sherlock	However, a few years after Katie’s arrival

Sherlock	A mystery man began to donate large sums of money every year

Sherlock	Along with a very special birthday cake

Carlson Fox	Still doesn't explain why you believe he is White Storm

Gordon Riller	I believe it. Only a monster would leave their daughter in an orphanage. 

Sherlock	All of his targets

Sherlock	Are either corrupt officials, or those who oppress the poor or downtrodden

Sherlock	Having his daughter with him is too dangerous

Gordon Riller	Well, He shouldn’t be a thief then, should he?

Sherlock	Sacrificing in the name of chivalry and justice

Sherlock	Is not something that you will ever understand

Gordon Riller	Chivalry and justice?

Gordon Riller	All thieves must be caught

Gordon Riller	And If you don't catch him, then you're just as guilty

Sherlock	It’s him.

Gordon Riller	Okay.

Sherlock	Arresting him in front of his daughter is too cruel

Gordon Riller 	What then?

Carlson Fox	What then?

Sherlock	His carriage is parked at the gate. I don’t think he’ll stay too long	

Sherlock	We can box him in from left, right and centre when he leaves

Sherlock	He won’t be able to get away.

Gordon Riller	Yes! I was going to suggest that.

Gordon Riller	You keep a close eye on the driver. He won’t escape us.

Katie	Hello, Sir. Were you thinking about playing?

Katie	You might be too big for that swing

Mack	A success this time?

Katie	Try for yourself

Katie	The largest piece is made especially for you

Mack	That's much too big

Mack	Will you share half of it with me?

Katie	Sure

Katie	How is it? Does it taste okay?

Katie	Come this way.

Katie	They just blossomed. Aren’t they beautiful?

Mack	Very beautiful

Katie	Take a sniff. They smell nice.

Katie	I’m so sorry. I forgot about your allergy

Mack	Not at all. They smell lovely

Katie	Come this way

Katie	These flowers are odorless but they’re also very pretty

Katie	Oh, I want to introduce you to a friend of mine

Mack	Sorry, I forgot the time. I’ll come visit again. Bye bye.

Katie	Sir! Sir!

Gordon Riller	Where’s Sherlock now?

Sherlock	Well, We meet in person at last. Hello there, White Storm

Mack	You have the wrong man

Sherlock	And you have my pipe. Hand it over, Mack

Mack	You are the great detective Sherlock Holmes.

Sherlock	Give it up!

Sherlock	No!

Sherlock	Are you done? Want to embarrass yourself in front of your daughter?

Gordon Riller	 Gotcha! It’s Just as I planned!

Gordon Riller	You have the right to remain silent...

Katie	Sir…

Gordon Riller	Uh... Anything you say may be used against you in a court of law

Gordon Riller	Look at you! You should’ve been a law-abiding citizen

Gordon Riller	You are nothing but a lowly thief

Gordon Riller	Since this is your first offense the judge will likely give you a lighter sentence, maybe just ten years or so.

Gang Boy A	What is it? Why does everybody seem so sad?

George	See for yourself.

Gang Boy A	I can’t read, How am I supposed to know what it says?

Alice	Mack, also known as White Storm, came from a wealthy family

Alice	They made their fortune from gems and jewelry

Alice	But things went downhill after he took over the business

Alice	He disappeared from high society after squandering the family fortune 	

Bunny	If I were him, I would just kick back and enjoy life

Bunny	Why bother to rob the rich to help the poor?

Bunny	Now he’s in prison cause’ of Mr. Holmes

Alice	Keep It down

Alice	The paper calls Sherlock heartless for capturing Mack in front of his daughter

Bunny	Mr. Holmes, you’ve been playing the violin for two days

Bunny	Please stop blaming yourself

Bunny	Even if your hands aren’t tired, my ears are tired

Bunny	Let’s play Blind Man’s Buff

Alice	Oh no! I better hide this.

Bunny	If you think that’s too childish, how about playing cops and robbers?

Bunny	You’ll be the cop, and I’ll be the robber

Bunny	If you catch me, It will be your greatest victory yet!

Alice	Let Mr. Holmes be.

Bunny	I'm just trying to cheer him up

Bunny	Mr. Holmes, you haven’t eaten for two days 

Bunny	Let’s go out and have some cake

Bunny	I'll be kind enough to let you pay for it.

Alice	Good idea

Sherlock	I’m broke

Alice	Huh?

Bunny	Huh?

Alice	It’s my treat

Sherlock	I’m tired

Alice	Don’t be lazy! You must get out of the flat

Alice	How rude! Tell me Which newspaper are you from.

Journalist	Oh, sorry. I’m a reporter for the London Times

Journalist	I’d like to have an interview with Mr. Sherlock Holmes

Bunny	Was 'Heartless Sherlock' your idea?

Journalist	I wish I were that creative

Journalist	So when would be a good time for an exclusive interview?

Alice	Go away! Not interested!

Journalist	It won’t take up much of your time

Woman in rain	That's Sherlock Holmes. 

Woman in rain	I heard he purposely shamed the daughter

Cakeshop Waitress	Sorry, this table is reserved

Alice	How about that table?

Cakeshop Waitress	Sorry, this one is reserved too

Alice	And this one?

Cakeshop Waitress	Reserved! All reserved! No available table for you

Nobleman	Great detective! Come and sit with me

Bunny	Yippy! We have a table

Nobleman	You’ve removed a pest from our city. Today is my treat

Alice	Really?

Nobleman	It’s the least I can do. You, boy. Tie my shoelace

Bunny	Yes, sir!

Nobleman	Thanks to our great detective

Nobleman	The wealthy in London can finally sleep well at night

Nobleman	You are truly unstoppable. Not only did you arrest the man, you arrested him right in front of his daughter

Nobleman	Now that's dedication

Nobleman	Here’s to you!

Nobleman	You off to arrest the daughter now? 

Orphan 01-A	You stinky skunk! Why are you here?

Orphan 01-A	Katie was so happy before but now she has been crying for days!

Orphan 01-A	If my poop had not sunk to the bottom I would’ve scooped it out and thrown it at you!	

Orphan 01-B	Get lost!

Orphan 01-C	Get lost!

Orphan 01-A	Get lost!

Warden	Mr. Holmes

Warden	I dare say that inside this prison

Warden	At least half of the inmates have their eyes on White Storm’s stolen riches

Sherlock	Haven’t you read the papers?

Sherlock	He donated everything that he stole and never kept any for himself	

Warden	Most of the shady crooks in these cells can't read

Warden	And those that can won't believe such a story A noble thief is unheard of.

Sherlock	Is Mack in great danger then?

Warden	We, the royal prison guards, are renowned for our unyielding 	dedication	

Warden	No need to worry at all

Warden	Attention!

Mack	This is a surprise

Sherlock	I thought I should come. Best to apologize to you in person

Mack	Apologize?

Sherlock	My timing.

Mack	A failed thief was defeated by a skilled detective

Mack	No need to apologize.

Sherlock	I regret taking action on Katie’s birthday.

Sherlock	I should’ve found a better way

Sherlock	It wasn’t right for her to see that

Mack	The timing was awful indeed

Mack	That very day I had planned on retiring.

Sherlock	Legally speaking, I can’t condone stealing.

Sherlock	The city has abandoned the poor.

Sherlock	However, I wish you could have found a better way as well.

Mack	I thought I was doing the right thing

Mack	Until that last time

Gang Boy A 	White Storm!

Gang Boy B	White Storm! 

Gang Boy A	White Storm!

Mack	What is it?

Gang Boy B	Would you like some cake?

Gang Boy B	I nicked them both. How amazing am I?

Gang Girl	I’m amazing. Look at this purse. Snatched!

Gang Boy A	But, you couldn’t have snatched it if I hadn’t lent you my knife

Gang Girl	You are amazing!

Gang Boy A	Of course, I am and don’t you forget it!

Mack	That really broke my heart

Mack	Turns out I had only helped nourish their bodies

Mack	But their souls were eaten away

Mack	Children should not idolize a thief

Mack	Truth be told, Mr. Holmes

Mack	I should be thanking you for arresting me

Sherlock	Instead of buying them cakes, how about books?

Mack	Detective storybooks? 

Sherlock	The warden said you refuse to meet with Katie

Mack	Katie is a good girl. She deserves a better father.

Sherlock	She’s a grown woman now

Sherlock	I'm sure she understands you stayed away to protect her

Mack	Understanding is not forgiving

Sherlock	She wouldn’t have come if she hadn’t

Warden	Time is up. Save it for next time

Sherlock	Respect her wishes allow her to forgive

Scarface	I am unbeatable

Mob Wolf	Boss, you’re brilliant!

Warden	She wrote you a letter again

Mack	Thanks.

Scarface	Get in line

Scarface	I like this new game more than football

Scarface	It's so easy

Scarface	Come over and stand here

Mack	Huh...

Scarface	Let the show begin

Scarface	What? Who dares attack Scarface?

Mack	There is no greater game than football

Mob Wolf	Scarface is going to kill him

Mob Higland Cow	I’m afraid to even sneeze in front of the boss And Mack is picking a fight with him?

Scarface	You are a dead man! I’m gonna beat the daylights out of you!

Alice	So this Sunday is the Queen’s birthday

Alice	Let’s go to the Thames and see the fireworks

Sherlock	Fireworks? Boring

Bunny	But they boom and bang and stuff

Sherlock	just a chemical reaction exploding in the air

Sherlock	While burning up different metal powders

Sherlock	creating a variety of colors.

Sherlock	Nothing special about it. I made fireworks when I was eight.

Alice	You’re bluffing.

Sherlock	Like this.

Alice	This is my new dress! You’re going to pay for this

Watson	Hello? Please hold. It’s for you

Sherlock	I’m busy. Take a message please

Watson	He is utterly busy right now. I can take a message for him.

Watson	Oh, I see.

Watson	The call is from the prison. Something’s happened to Mack

Warden	Apologies

Warden	For asking you to come here in such unforgiving weather

Sherlock	I thought you said your guards were very dedicated

Sherlock	How could this happen?

Warden	It’s a long story. One you can't imagine.

Scarface	I’m gonna beat the daylights out of you!

Scarface	You broke my tooth!

Warden	Hey you, stop!

Warden	Get on your knees! Hands behind your heads!

Lanky	Kneel down.

Warden	How dare you pick on someone twice your size?!

Warden	That’s solitary confinement!

Warden	He was a model inmate

Warden	Due for release in just one year

Warden	So why the serious assault? Why break out?

Warden	I thought he was smarter than that

Sherlock	Perhaps… he had his reasons

Watson	Indeed, It seems Mack stirred up a fight

Watson	to get sent to solitary for his jailbreak

Warden	That much I’ve guessed

Warden	What’s strange is, why Scarface?

Warden	Why risk his life with the most vicious prisoner here

Watson	Did anything unusual happen before his escape?

Watson	Was he upset about anything?

Warden	No, he just read a letter from his daughter

Watson	Letter? Do you know what it was about?

Warden	I didn’t look.

Warden	As you can see, the door is still locked

Warden	The bars are still intact

Watson	That is strange.

Watson	Oh, Detective Riller and Detective Fox!

Gordon Riller	Dr. Watson! Slow to the case I see

Gordon Riller	If you and Sherlock would like to assist me, that's fine

Warden	Have you discovered anything?

Gordon Riller	According to the circumstantial evidence, there is only one possibility

Gordon Riller	The way I figure it, Mack used his stolen wealth To buy off a prison guard

Gordon Riller	And then that guard let him out in the middle of the night

Gordon Riller	All signs point to… an inside job!

Warden	Are you saying it’s me?

Gordon Riller	You admit it!?

Warden	This is a mistake! How could I do such a thing?

Warden	Please, Mr. Holmes, help. Won’t you please?

Sherlock	Mack escaped from here

Watson	Really?

Gordon Riller	It’s not like he’s a cockroach

Gordon Riller	How could he squeeze through?

Sherlock	It might not be possible for you

Sherlock	But it wouldn’t be a problem for Mack

Watson	When did you get so strong?

Gordon Riller	When did you get so strong?

Carlson Fox	When did you get so strong?

Warden	When did you get so strong?

Sherlock	Was Mack assigned to work in the kitchen?

Sherlock	And did he have frequent access to this place?

Warden	His duties were helping out in the kitchen everyday and cleaning this cell every Friday.

Sherlock	And each Friday he tampered with the bar.

Sherlock	If you look closely the bar has rust on it.

Sherlock	Evidently from the exposure to salt water

Gordon Riller	It does taste salty.

Sherlock	Salt is usually only found in the kitchen

Carlson Fox	Can you smell salt? Why did you sniff the bar?

Sherlock	I was trying to smell for bodily fluids

Gordon Riller	Ugh!

Sherlock	I am talking about saliva, Detective Riller.

Gordon Riller	You scared me

Watson	So Mack was stealing salt from the kitchen for four years

Watson	used his saliva to dissolve the salt

Watson	And slathered it onto the iron bars

Warden	Wow! Such determination.

Gordon Riller	Are you not ashamed?

Gordon Riller	If it weren’t for your sloppy supervision, how could he have stolen salt and spat saliva?

Gordon Riller	Four years! Were you blind?

Warden	How am I supposed to know when he was spitting?

Sherlock	Warden, can you show us around the perimeter wall?

Warden	This way please.

Mob Wolf	Boss, you really gotta wake up

Mob Wolf	Something has happened

Mob Wolf	Boss, wake up

Mob Higland Cow	Hey, Boss, you’ve gotta wake up

Mob Higland Cow	What if a pop that thing?

Scarface	Ugh! Who sneezed?

Mob Higland Cow	You did

Scarface	Wait, why are you here? Why am I here?

Mob Wolf	Don’t you remember? Mack whacked you in the head

Scarface	Oh yes

Scarface	You were saying something has happened?

Mob Higland Cow	Mack has busted out of jail

Scarface	What? How did he escape?

Mob Higland Cow	I heard that he sawed off the iron bars in the solitary cell window

Mob Higland Cow	Then climbed over the wall

Scarface	The window bars were sawed off?

Mob Wolf	Yes!

Scarface	No! I was the one who told 'im to saw the window bars

Scarface	For me to break out of here I am mad as hell right now!

Scarface	I'll still escape and make 'im pay!

Scarface	But where did he go?

Mob Higland Cow	I know

Mob Higland Cow	He dropped this letter when you were fighting

Scarface	Huh?

Scarface	Now if only I could read

Jail Doctor	Ah, you're awake at last. Is there Any pain?

Scarface	It hurts so much. I want a thorough check-up at the hospital down the hill

Jail Doctor	That won’t be necessary. I’ll take care of it

Scarface	Doctor, I think you REALLY should consider sending me to that hospital

Warden	You see those six rags here on the ground?

Warden	They were all torn from a jail cell quilt cover

Carlson Fox	Six rags? Did he have a bad cold?

Carlson Fox	What’s the use of these?

Gordon Riller	This is just a smoke screen

Gordon Riller	To confuse our investigation

Gordon Riller	After all, this prison has a rat!

Warden	Help me

Lanky	Warden

Lanky	I just discovered this rag outside the perimeter wall

Lanky	It appeared today after the snow melted.

Warden	It’s torn from the same quilt cover.

Warden	Why has this piece fallen outside the wall?

Sherlock	Was this water tap kept on throughout the night?

Lanky	It’s been raining and snowing heavily

Lanky	If the tap isn’t kept on to drip it would freeze up and block the pipes.	

Sherlock	Did it snow the night before last? What was the temperature?

Warden	It was snowing and just below ten degrees.

Warden	Then a few degrees warmer when the sun came out

Sherlock	It rained the day before yesterday and the temperature dropped dramatically

Sherlock	A layer of ice must’ve formed on the surface of the wall

Sherlock	Thanks to this weather

Sherlock	Mack was able to create a staircase and climbed over the wall

Watson 	I don't follow

Gordon Riller	I don't follow

Carlson Fox	I don't follow

Warden	I don't follow

Lanky	I don't follow

Sherlock	The evidence is irrefutable

Sherlock	Tell them, Watson.

Watson	Me?

Watson	All signs point to… A rat amongst the guards!

Warden	Please let me go! Help me, Mr. Holms!

Sherlock	Very well, here's my deduction

Sherlock	Mack first drenched two rags with the dripping water

Sherlock	He then shaped them into fist-size bundles and stuck them onto the wall

Sherlock	With the temperature so low, the water molecules of the two rag bundles

Sherlock	Joined together with the water molecules on the frozen wall

Sherlock	Resulting with the bundles sticking onto the wall

Sherlock	Mack could then use them as stepping-stones

Sherlock	He stuck two more rag bundles on higher spots

Sherlock	Repeating until all six were stuck on the wall

Sherlock	Allowing him to escape.

Sherlock	when the sun came out and melted the ice

Sherlock	All six bundles fell onto the ground

Sherlock	But I have yet to figure out the use of the rag found outside the wall

Gordon Riller	Come on, chop-chop! Whip up a plan.

Gordon Riller	Hey, what are the possible escape routes beyond the wall? Huh?

Warden	You’ve asked the right man

Warden	Only one road leads to Barnard Castle Station

Sherlock	Not necessarily 

Sherlock	Mack probably spent hours last night waiting for the rag bundles to freeze

Sherlock	It was almost dawn when he made it over the wall

Sherlock	He would be easily spotted if he took the main road

Sherlock	I think he must’ve taken an alternative route 

Warden	If he had opted for a different route, he’d have to climb the mountain and  ski downhill	

Warden	Lanky, how much time would this route take?

Lanky	Sir, walking would require two days

Lanky	But if we ride horses up the mountain then ski downhill

Lanky	It would take half a day

Carlson Fox	This means Mack might’ve only gone down halfway

Carlson Fox	We might still catch him

Gordon Riller	Good! That thief is mine

Sherlock	Can you gentleman handle it?

Sherlock	Uphill requires horseback and downhill requires skiing

Gordon Riller	Of course

Carlson Fox	I don’t know how to ski, actually

Watson	I don’t know either, actually

Sherlock	I’ve told you to do more exercises, but you sleep on your days-off!

Gordon Riller	I’ve told you to do more exercises, but you sleep on your days-off!

Warden	But work is so tiring, bed is so comfy.

Watson 	And what could be better than sleeping like a log on a day-off?

Carlson Fox	And what could be better than sleeping like a log on a day-off?

Jailer	Warden

Jailer	doctor says Scarface is critical and must be sent to the hospital.

Warden	Understood.

Warden	Good timing.

Warden	Why don’t you two ride along then?

Warden	Dr. Watson can tend to Scarface

Warden	Detective Fox can be there to keep an eye on him.

Warden	How about it?

Watson	Sounds like a plan!

Carlson Fox	Sounds like a plan!

Gordon Riller	You guys will probably get ahead of Mack

Gordon Riller	Remember to contact the Barnard Castle Police.

Gordon Riller	And ask them to join the pursuit

Carlson Fox	Got it!

Warden	Thank you and good luck to you all

Watson	Be careful

Sherlock	You too, Watson.

Lanky	Mr. Holmes, we’re ready to go

Gordon Riller	Can we go faster? My rump is freezing

Lanky	The horses are doing their best in the snow

Lanky	You can walk if you still think your horse is too slow

Gordon Riller	Useless creature! Even a tortoise is faster.

Lanky	We’re close!

Lanky	Once we’re behind the trees we can ski down.

Gordon Riller	Come on tortoise just a few more steps

Lanky	This is the easy part, Let's go

Sherlock	Are you afraid?

Gordon Riller	Of course... Afraid?

Gordon Riller	afraid I might be too quick and leave you behind

Sherlock	Since you’re that quick, I better get a head start 

Carlson Fox	Why are you poking me? Are we there?

Scarface	Pretend I am not here. We’ll part ways at the hospital.

Scarface	Peacefully, or in pieces

Jailer	Let go of him

Scarface	In pieces then!

Coachman	What’s that noise?

Watson	Whooooooaaa!

Watson	My trousers! Stop pulling!

Scarface	You are a dead man!

Watson	Good grief. I should’ve gone skiing instead

Jail Doctor	Something’s there.

Watson	What is it?

Jail Doctor	Scar… Scarface

Scarface	You'll not escape!

Jail Doctor	Scarface!

Scarface	Where are you heading in such a hurry?

Carlson Fox	Oh no!

Carlson Fox	Stop right there!

Watson	What good is shouting at him? We need to give chase!

Carlson Fox	As a police officer, I have to shout out a warning

Carlson Fox	Instead of one escapee we have two

Carlson Fox	We must inform the local police quickly

Carlson Fox	And block off all the roads out of Barnard Castle

Watson	Quickly? How do we get down there?

Carlson Fox	Hmm? ` Hm.

Watson	Hmm?

Gordon Riller	As long as one is not afraid of failure.

Gordon Riller	Skiing downhill is not difficult at all

Gordon Riller	But wait. How do I stop?

Lanky	Huh? What is that?

Lanky	Looks like a quilt from the prison

Lanky	But why is it tied like this?

Sherlock	Of course. It’s a sled.

Lanky	If Mack had sledded down 

Lanky	He might have reached Barnard Castle Station last night

Lanky	Perhaps escaped on a train already

Sherlock	Maybe, But he couldn’t have just worn his prison garb

Sherlock	And hopped onto a train in plain sight

Lanky	Let’s wait for Detective Riller And go down together

Gordon Riller	You stupid tree! Step aside now!

Lanky	Shall we head to the local police station...

Lanky	They might have some information that can help

Lanky	Or perhaps we should go to the hospital first

Carlson Fox	We read the case report at the police station.

Carlson Fox	It seems Mack reached the foot of the mountain

Carlson Fox	He broke into a store and stole a change of clothes

Carlson Fox	Then pickpocketed someone’s wallet at the train station

Carlson Fox	It’s likely that he boarded the last train to London

Watson	What about Scarface?

Gordon Riller	We searched the entire station and couldn’t find him 

Gordon Riller	Who would have thought this guy was a master of disguise

Carlson Fox	I’ve been running around and haven’t eaten a thing. Let’s have dinner

Gordon Riller	Dinner? We have a mission on our hands

Gordon Riller	You’re a police officer, so act like one.

Gordon Riller	focus on the case

Carlson Fox	A case of food

Gordon Riller	Uh...

Gordon Riller	Dinner time

Sherlock	You're staring

Watson	I have a feeling there is something you’re not telling me

Watson	I know you too well, You’re holding back secrets

Watson	You wait until the moment is just right before the big reveal. So what is it?

Sherlock	Actually, when I heard Mack had escaped

Sherlock	I knew it must have something to do with Katie

Sherlock	I hadn't told you is that She’s getting married tomorrow

Sherlock	After the wedding they plan to leave England

Watson	Huh? So Mack broke out of jail to attend her wedding

Sherlock	If Riller and Fox were to discover this

Sherlock	They would wreak havoc at the wedding, this I am certain.

Sherlock	Riller was watching us, and so I went to the prison Hoping they would follow 

Sherlock	Missleading a Detective,

Sherlock	And then assisting a known fugitive.

Sherlock	These are all felonies

Watson	Oh, I see

Sherlock	This is my burden

Sherlock	So I feel I owe it to Mack and his daughter

Katie	Father, do you still remember the last time we met was on my birthday? 

Katie	Days before 

Katie	I fretted over all the things that I wanted to share with you 

Katie	I wanted to show you the flowers that I had planted 

Katie	And let you taste the cookies that I had baked 

Katie	And introduce you to the man I now call my fiance 

Katie	I cannot lie, for the longest time I was jealous that you devoted your life to the concerns and wellbeing of the poor when all I wanted was a father

Katie	It is not for me to judge whether your actions were right or wrong 

Katie	But even if the whole world thinks you are a bad man 

Katie	You will always be my hero 

Katie	And my dearest father 

Katie	If there were ever a chance 

Katie	I hope one day to hear everything about who you really are

Katie	Father to daughter

Katie	Will you tell me? 

Katie	I may not have the necessary wisdom to help you tackle big problems

Katie	But at least for that moment I can be there for you

Katie	And share your burdens 

Katie	This Sunday, I am getting married at St. Martin’s Church.

Katie	Although you won’t be there to walk me down the aisle 

Katie	I know you are with me no matter where you are

Katie	My husband and I will journey to the universities in the Far East

Katie	And pass on the knowledge of science to the local people 

Katie	Perhaps this is an alternative way 

Katie	To carry on your ambition and legacy 

Katie	Your loving daughter, Katie 

Katie	I do

Priest	I now pronounce you husband and wife

Sherlock	You do know you’ve risked it all with your jail-break

Sherlock	So was it worth it?

Mack	Greatly.

Mack	I knew that I wouldn’t be able to walk her down the isle.

Mack	But at least I had a chance to witness her wedding

Mack	Don’t worry. I’ll give myself in once they’re gone.

Mack	I won’t allow her to have a fugitive for a father

Watson	If this was how you felt

Watson	Then how is it you didn’t quit for her sake?

Mack	Because I was very naïve when I went to jail

Mack	I thought I could change the world

Mack	But I didn't realize that I first had to change myself

Sherlock	Let’s switch to a lighter topic

Sherlock	I commend the frozen staircase

Sherlock	But what of the piece of rag found outside the wall?

Mack	The frozen staircase wasn’t strong enough to support my weight

Mack	It fell apart as soon as I stepped on it

Mack	I quickly had to come up with another plan

Mack	I tore the quilt into strips then tied them to make a rope 

Mack	I needed warm water so I, ahem, used bodily fluid on the rope

Mack	And threw the heated and soaked end over the wall

Mack	My fluid's temperature was nearly as warm as my body

Mack	Approximately thirty seven degrees Celsius

Mack	When the warm soaked end of the rope touched the frozen wall

Mack	The warm fluid molecules melted the icy water molecules

Mack	the melted moisture froze due to the cold temperature

Mack	Forming a strong adhesion

Mack	However, when I was climbing the wall

Mack	I realized that the rope could not hold up for too long

Mack	Sure enough, it tore apart when I was halfway down

Mack	Luckily, my landing was softened by the snow

Watson	When the sun came out and melted away the ice on the wall

Watson	The broken piece of rag fell outside of the perimeter

Sherlock	I see

Sherlock	The wagon is here

Sherlock	But you couldn’t have predicted when Katie would get married

Sherlock	Yet you spent years breaking the iron bar.

Mack	An opportunity.

Mack	One of the prisoners noticed that I had been assigned to clean the solitary confinement cell

Mack	So really, I was forced to break the bar for his escape

Watson	Are you talking about Scarface?

Watson	He escaped from the prison yesterday

Mack	What?

Sherlock	Don’t worry. I doubt he would know to find you here

Ronald	Honey?

Scarface	Mack! You wretched back stabber you can’t hide from me

Scarface	You want your daughter back? Show yourself at once!

Ronald	Jump down

Scarface	Trying to flee? Over my dead body!

Katie	Ronald!

Ronald	Katie!

Scarface	Show yourself now!

Orphan 01-A 	Give us back Katie!

Orphan 01-B	Give us back Katie!

Orphan 01-C	Give us back Katie!

Mack	Scarface! Release my daughter. It's me you want

Katie	Father!

Scarface	I've come to realize

Scarface	The more agitated you are, the more exhilarated I get

Police 03-A (M) 	Stop the car! Stop the car!

Police 03-B (M)	Stop the car! 

Scarface	Yeah!

Scarface	Ow! How dare you!

Mack	Katie!

Katie	Father!

Sherlock	I must borrow this for an emergency

Lady on Street	Sherlock Holmes took my bicycle 

Watson	Sir! Do your civil duty and loan me your car

Watson	Please take this payment

Watson	Watch out!

Watson	Get in!

Sherlock	I can make it…

Watson	Sherlock! 

Mack	You won't make it!

Watson	No!

Sherlock	That’s a dead end. The other way

Sherlock	Whoooooaaaa!

Sherlock	No, both ways are not good

Sherlock	Scarface, I know where Mack kept his money

Sherlock	It's yours, for Katie

Scarface	Sherlock the heartless?

Scarface	You want the girl? You’ll hear from me soon

Sherlock	I failed Watson. I let Scarface, escape.

Sherlock	Don’t worry. I doubt he would know to find you here.

Watson	You tried your best, Sherlock. You mustn’t blame yourself

Mack	It was my fault; I cannot believe I lost her letter.

Mack	Katie, even the cleverest man makes mistakes sometimes.

Sherlock	There was a time

Sherlock	When I had said similar words 

Sherlock	But I didn’t expect that the mistake would be my own

Gordon Riller	We've got you now!

Carlson Fox	Where is Mack?

Gordon Riller	Sherlock, are you hiding the fugitive?

Gordon Riller	What are you up to?

Carlson Fox	Where is he?

Gordon Riller	Tell us now! Wait, wait. What are you doing?

Gordon Riller	Don’t come so close

Gordon Riller	Blimey! You’re like a wet sponge

Gordon Riller	Geez. Men don’t sob like little children

Gordon Riller	What's that? What's coming out of your nose? Stop that!

George	Scarface grew up around here

George	A known bully we were glad to be rid of

George	He was muscle for that whaling tycoon

George	But once he went to jail life was better

George	Now that he’s escaped prison, everyone lives in fear again.

George	We all know you've been good to us

George	Just not right. That your daughter’s in danger.

Mack	Thank you, George.

George	Besides his two former underlings

George	Some other fools are willing to be his minions

George	Be careful tomorrow during the hostage exchange

George	If you need any help, give us a holler

George	We have your back

Mack	Scarface is not to be trusted

Mack	I appreciate the sentiment, but I must take care of this alone

George	Where would you find the money to pay the ransom?

Mack	I can’t offer money, but... I can offer my life

Watson	What is it?

Sherlock	Onwards, Watson!

Watson	Where to?

Mack	You have me, Now let my daughter go

Scarface	Where’s the money?

Mack	Listen, Scarface. We wouldn’t walk out of here alive if I brought the money	

Mack	let go of my daughter and I’ll stay

Mack	Once Katie is safe, someone will move the money here

Scarface	Move?

Mack	 I don't care for the poor, you never believe the press. 

Mack	I have so much money that ten men couldn't carry it all

Scarface	Really?

Mack	You’re now a fugitive.

Mack	my money can buy your freedom

Mack	Take the deal, or kiss the money goodbye

Mack	You’re a smart man. You know what’s the right move

Scarface	Bloody hell!

Sherlock	This way!

Watson	Right!

Sherlock	Your father asked us to come get you

Watson	Are you hurt?

Katie	No...

Katie	Father… traded his life for mine

Sherlock	Don’t lose hope just yet. We can still save him

Sherlock	But you’ll have to trust me

Sherlock	your father asked me to give this to you

Sherlock	Scarface only broke out of jail recently

Sherlock	He couldn’t have prepared two captivity sites.

Sherlock	If we can locate where he kept you last night We can probably save your father too

Katie	But I was blindfolded

Sherlock	We first need to go to my home and pick up a secret weapon

Sherlock	Then as much as it pains me, I must ask someone for help

Gordon Riller	Are those begging tears I see?

Sherlock	If you want tears, I can ask Dr. Watson.

Gordon Riller	Never mind. How may I be of assistance?

Sherlock	In the entire city of London

Sherlock	You’re the only man capable of taking down Scarface

Gordon Riller	You’re a wise man! Like I said, Mack is mine

Gordon Riller	Catching two fugitives at once sounds smashing

Gordon Riller	Katie, you don’t have to worry now that I’m in charge

Gordon Riller	I’ll rescue your father

Gordon Riller	and then send him back to prison. Money back guaranteed!

Carlson Fox	Sherlock, what's the plan?

Sherlock	After we parted at the crossing

Sherlock	Where did Scarface take you?

Katie	I woke up by a bay with many old, ships Reeking with a nauseous, fishy smell

Katie	After he met up with his associates

Katie	He covered my eyes with cloth and pulled me onto a carriage

Katie	I couldn’t see anything after that

Sherlock	How about during the ride?

Sherlock	Did you hear anything on the way?

Sherlock	Any distinctive smells?

Katie	I’m pretty sure we crossed two rivers

Katie	I could hear the horses hooves as we crossed a stone bridge

Katie	And a wooden one?

Sherlock	If this was the starting point

Sherlock	Crossing two rivers…

Sherlock	head north!

Carlson Fox	Let's go!

Gordon Riller	Let’s go!

Watson	The stone bridge

Katie	Yes, I hear the first bridge.

Katie	And now, this is the second bridge

Katie	There should be church bells a bit further on

Sherlock	Turn right up ahead

Gordon Riller	Which way should we take now?

Sherlock	Three roads

Katie	Well...

Sherlock	What’s next? What else did you hear?

Katie	No, I didn’t hear any sounds

Sherlock	What about smells? Any special odours?

Katie	No, nothing

Gordon Riller	Tough luck, let's turn back

Carlson Fox	Don't you think we can explore three roads?

Carlson Fox	We might discover something if we do

Gordon Riller	This is a valuable lesson, pay attention now.

Gordon Riller	Your father chose to be a thief

Gordon Riller	If he had behaved like other law-abiding citizens

Gordon Riller	Maybe he wouldn’t have ended up like this

Gordon Riller	When you become a mother in the future, take good care of your children don’t ever send them to orphanages!	

Katie	I remember now

Katie	After hearing the church bells I felt a slight pressure in my ears

Sherlock	Pressure?

Sherlock	The road you took was the uphill one on the left

Sherlock	The stress of weighted air is air pressure.

Sherlock	On ground level

Sherlock	The air pressure inside and outside the eardrum is the same

Sherlock	So there is no discomfort

Sherlock	But travelling uphill within a short period of time

Sherlock	The pressure outside the eardrum is lower than the pressure inside 	

Sherlock	Causing discomfort in the ears

Watson	The uphill road leads to a neighborhood.

Watson	about twenty to thirty houses

Sherlock	Let's take a look

Gordon Riller	Twenty to thirty houses?

Gordon Riller	We can’t knock on every door 

Katie	I remember now! When they were pushing me into the house

Katie	I saw some small whitish yellowish flowers on the ground

Sherlock	Did you hear that?

Gordon Riller 	Target confirmed!

Carlson Fox	Target confirmed!

Carlson Fox	Let’s pull over. The wagon might alert Scarface

Carlson Fox	Why don’t you guys go ahead and find the house?

Carlson Fox	I’ll stay here and protect Katie

Gordon Riller	Seriously?

Watson	Actually, I’d like to stay back and protect Katie too

Gordon Riller 	Why can't you be brave, huh?

Sherlock	Why can't you be brave, huh?

Watson 	Because I'm smart? 

Carlson Fox	Still slightly traumatized

Gordon Riller	What a bunch of mice

Sherlock	It’s fine. I’ll go with Detective Riller

Sherlock	Katie, please protect these two for me

Katie	What?

Watson	What?

Carlson Fox	What?

Sherlock	Have you seen anything suspicious?

Gordon Riller	Every house is very colourful.

Gordon Riller	Maybe Katie’s eyes had played tricks on her

Sherlock	She was terrified and blindfolded

Sherlock	But she's smart, I do believe her

Gordon Riller	I must say, the shadow is really pretty.

Gordon Riller	It’s glistening like a set of gold teeth

Gordon Riller	What is it?

Sherlock	This is the house

Gordon Riller	I only see iron gates. Where are you seeing the flowers?

Gordon Riller	I worry about you Sherlock

Sherlock	There are no flowers at this place

Sherlock	But when the sun is shining from behind the iron gates at 10 a.m.	

Sherlock	Sunlight would shine throughthe small perforations on the iron gates

Sherlock	And cast glistening patterns on the ground

Sherlock	Those must be the small whitish flowers that Katie saw

Gang Boy 01-A	Here’s food

Mack	Young lad, the food is too far away for me to reach

Gang Boy 01-A	I’m not your servant!

Gang Boy 01-A	Crawl over here and gobble it up like a dog! Serves you right!

Sherlock	You need to pull it.

Scarface	What is that?

Scarface	Hand it over

Gang Boy 01-A	Let me go! Let go of me right now!

Gordon Riller	Watch this kid

Gordon Riller	Scarface, you’re totally surrounded!

Gordon Riller	Be smart and surrender yourself now

Watson	It’s too dangerous. Please wait

Scarface	We had a deal

Scarface	And now you have people come after me

Scarface	You can't trust the word of a criminal these days

Scarface	Time to say goodbye!

Gang Boy 01-A	You're… White Storm

Mack	Katie, stay back. Get away!

Katie	Scarface, here’s what you want.

Katie	Now release my father!

Scarface	I knew it! Your generosity was fake

Scarface	You’ve stashed the jewelry.

Scarface	And put on an act of nobility

Scarface	Nobility… 

Mack	That’s right, my generosity was an act

Mack	I fooled the world that I was a noble thief

Mack	Only children would believe in such a sham

Scarface	White Storm, you're to blame for all of this!

Scarface	Nobody crosses me. Nobody!

Scarface	You're going to get what you deserve

Scarface	Unlike you, I’m a man of my word

Mack	it's dangerous, get away!

Katie	Father!

Scarface	Haha!

Katie	Father!

Mack	Run away

Katie	Father!

Katie	Father...

Mack	I'm so sorry I failed you as a father.

Watson	Let me take a look.

Carlson Fox	What about this boy?

Gordon Riller	Go on! You want to go to jail?

Gang Boy 01-A	You’re lettin’ me off?

Gordon Riller	Go! But just remember this lesson.

Gordon Riller	Stay in school and learn right from wrong.

Gordon Riller	Grow up a good man, got it?

Carlson Fox	Didn’t you say that all thieves must be caught?

Gordon Riller	Yeah... Locking him in jail would only expose him to bad Influences	

Watson	The bullet didn’t hit any vital organs He’ll be fine.

Katie	Father

Mack	Mr. Holmes, thank you

Sherlock	You should be thanking Katie instead

Sherlock	We were able to find you because of her brilliance

Sherlock	Mack, I understand why you tarnished your own image in front of the boy. 	

Sherlock	Shattering his idea of a thief

Sherlock	But I’m curious about the jewelry you gave Katie.

Mack	That necklace is my family heirloom

Mack	I didn’t have a chance to give it to Katie’s mother

Mack	But now I can pass it onto Katie as her wedding gift

Mack	For her and her husband's future

Katie	Goodbye!

Katie	Father, goodbye!

Orphan 01-A	Goodbye, Katie!

Orphan 01-B	Bye-bye, Katie!

Gordon Riller	Bye-bye!

Warden	Again?

Katie	Father, take care!

Mack	You too, Katie!

Alice	Wow! What a delight!

Watson 	Wow! So yummy!

Bunny	So many cakes! How can we finish them all?

Sherlock	Excuse me

Cakeshop Waitress	Mr. Holmes! Ever since you caught Scarface 

Cakeshop Waitress	You haven’t come by for quite a while. May I have your autograph please?	

Sherlock	My pleasure.

Sherlock	Your lemon cream cake must be as popular as ever

Sherlock	I don't see any left today

Cakeshop Waitress	Yes, they sell out quickly everyday.

Sherlock	I must've been really lucky then.

Sherlock	I would not have solved the case if not for that cake.

Cakeshop Waitress	Solve the case?

Cakeshop Waitress	Now that you mention it, I should tell you…

Sherlock	Tell me what?

Cakeshop Waitress	Remember how I told you the other customers bought the rest of the cake And there was only one slice left for you?

Sherlock	I remember

Cakeshop Waitress	When I said “other customers”, there was actually only one

Cakeshop Waitress	He had a scar under his right eye that looked like a teardrop

Cakeshop Waitress	A very distinguishable mark

Cakeshop Waitress	He actually paid for that last slice you ate

Cakeshop Waitress	He told me to only give it to you, but I must keep it a secret

Cakeshop Waitress	It was a surprise for you

Sherlock	We meet in person at last hello there, White Storm.

Orphanage Matron	That cake happens to be Katie’s favorite.

Orphanage Matron	Her benefactor buys one for her every year

Sherlock	Such a giving person.

Sherlock	Even if you were to spend all of your money

Sherlock	As you can see, it would barley feed them for a week

Watson	What have you heard, Bunny

Bunny	Someone is peddling jewellery by the slum area near the riverside in the East End	

Dr. M	I heard that someone is peddling stolen goods

Dr. M	By the slum area near the riverside in the East End

Bunny	Shall we go look?

Bunny	Was 'Heartless Sherlock' your idea?

NEWSPAPER TEXT	Sherlock the Heartless

Journalist 	I wish I were that creative

Journalist	Huh? What is this?

NOTE TEXT	Sherlock the Heartless

Journalist	Brilliant!

