Police Zou	Hurry! Hurry!

Police Zou	Hurry!

Police Qin	Stop howling! Stop!

Brother Sun	"Oh Lord Jesus, You've loved me,

Brother Sun	redeemed me, saved me out of my sin …"

Police Zou	Hurry!

Police Zou	Hurry!

Brother Yang	What law do we break in believing in God?

Police Zou	Shut up! Take them all away!

Brother Yan	What reason do you have for arresting us believers?

Police Hou	Go!

Police Qin	Hurry!

Police Qin	Get in!

Sister Feng	Without legal paperwork you arbitrarily arrest us, this is breaking the law while in charge of its enforcement! (panting, struggling reacts)

Police You	Shut up!  

Police Qin	Damn, stuff up your mouth!

Little girl	Mommy, Mommy…

Police Cao	Get out!

Police You	Let's go!

Little girl	Mommy!

Police You	Go!

Little girl	Mommy! (sob)

Little girl	Mommy! … (sob)

Brother Sun	Hey, sister …

Brother Zhang	It's so late, why has the pastor still not come?

Congregation	(discussing walla until 00:02:11:00)

Sister He	Oh dear, with weather like this, who knows if he'll come?

Sister Luo	Hey! Hey! Something has happened! Something has happened!

Sister Chen	Something happened? What happened?

Sister Zhao/Sister Lv/Sister Chang	What happened?

Sister Luo	Last night at around midnight, as I was just about to go to bed, I heard something like a dog bark.

Sister Luo	I looked out the window, and, guess what I saw?

Sister Chen	What was it?

Sister Luo	The next-door neighbors who believe in the Eastern Lightning were arrested and taken away by the police.

Sister Luo	Oh! It was so frightening, as bad as bandits coming into the village!

Brother Sun	I saw it, too. I had just arrived at my front door,

Brother Sun	and I saw a bunch of armed police surrounding the home of Zhang Ming.

Sister Chen	Oh, it was Zhang Ming's home?

Congregation	His home? (surprised reacts)

Brother Sun	The armed police burst in with their guns, searching the home and arresting the people.

Brother Sun	My heavens, it looked like they were arresting a most-wanted criminal.

Brother Wang	And even armed police were dispatched?!

Brother Sun	Yes.

Congregation	(discussing walla until 00:02:45:00)

Sister Chen	And they had guns?

Sister Luo	Yes!

Brother Li	(sigh) In China, with the Communist Party in power, it sure is difficult to believe in God!

Sister He	(sigh) Ever since the Chinese Communist Party took control, they have ceaselessly arrested and persecuted believers.

Sister He	During the time of the Cultural Revolution alone, lots of Christians were persecuted to death.

Congregation	(discussing walla until 00:03:03:15)

Brother Wang	True. If we had not been forced to by the CCP government,

Brother Wang	we would not have left our house churches and joined the Three-Self Church.

Sister Zhou	Yes, that's right!

Brother Zhang	I know of a number of house-church people who were arrested and put in jail. 

Brother Zhang	The CCP has been most ruthless in their arrest of believers in the Eastern Lightning in particular. They have been persecuted worst of all.

Sister Zhao	It's true!

Brother Zhang	I hear there are even rewards for informers!

Sister Luo/Sister Chen	Rewards for informers?

Brother Zhang	Yes.

Brother Zhang	Certainly a lot of the people from this Eastern Lightning church have been arrested.

Congregation	(murmuring walla until 00:03:41:23)

Sister Luo	As I see it, it's safest to believe in the Lord in the Three-Self Church!

Brother Zheng	(sigh)

Sister Chen	True that! We can't believe in the Lord in a house church,

Sister Chen	especially in the Eastern Lightning. That's too dangerous.

Sister Luo	That's right.

Brother Wang	Hey, I have heard that the Central Committee has sent out numerous secret documents

Brother Wang	whose focus is striking the Eastern Lightning.

Brother Wang	Their slogan is "We won't put down our arms until they're eliminated!"

Brother Wang	It looks like the Chinese Communist Party is set upon banning the Eastern Lightning.

Brother Sun	Well, what I don't understand,

Brother Sun	why does the Chinese Communist government arrest and persecute the Eastern Lightning believers in particular?

Sister Luo/Sister Chen	Yes, why?


Sister Zhao	Hey, don't you know that?

Sister Zhao	During these past few years, people in the Eastern Lightning have been spreading the gospel,

Sister Zhao	and they bear witness that the Lord Jesus has returned as none other than Almighty God,

Sister Zhao	expressing the truth and doing the work of judgment of the last days.

Sister Zhao	Many good sheep and head sheep of various sects and denominations have heard the words issued by Almighty God, 

Sister Zhao	and firmly believe that it truly is the voice of God, and have become followers of Almighty God.

Sister Zhao	Haven't you seen that more and more people these days are accepting the Eastern Lightning? 

Brother Zheng/Brother Liu	Yes. That's true.

Sister Zhao	The Eastern Lighting church has developed so quickly,

Sister Zhao	can you say that the Chinese Communist government wouldn't panic?

Sister He/Sister Chang	Yes. Indeed.

Sister Zhao	If the Eastern Lightning goes on spreading like this, and goes on bearing witness,

Sister Zhao	then a lot of people will believe in Almighty God,

Brother Sun	Mm.

Sister Zhao	and maybe most people of various denominations and sects will accept Almighty God,

Sister Zhao	and many non-believers will accept Almighty God as well.

Sister Zhao	Can you say that the Chinese Communist government would not be afraid?

Sister Zhao	Could they not take the Eastern Lightning as the key target for their crackdown?

Sister Lv	Sister Zhao speaks the truth.

Sister Lv	As a teacher she is experienced and knowledgeable, and she is able to see to the heart of things.

Sister Zhao	You are far too kind.

Sister Chang	Isn't it a good thing that there are more people who believe in God?

Sister Chang	Does the Chinese Communist government need to be so worried?

Congregation	Yes.

Brother Li	Perhaps you are not seeing it clearly.

Brother Li	What kind of political party is the Chinese Communist Party?

Sister Chang/Sister Xu	What political party is it?

Brother Li	It is an atheist political party.  

Brother Li	And what does it fear most?

Brother Sun/Sister Chang/Sister Xu		What does it fear most?

Brother Li	It fears most that the common people believe in God.

Brother Zheng/Sister Luo/Brother Liu	Right.

Brother Li	Think about it. If all of the common people believed in God, who would believe in the Communist Party?

Congregation	Yes.

Brother Sun	Hearing you all talk like this, it seems that's really how it is.

Brother Sun	Hey, how come you are able to understand these matters so clearly?

Sister Zhao	Well, I have read some of the words of Almighty God, so I am able to understand certain things.

Brother Sun	Are you saying that you have accepted the Eastern Lightning? 

Sister Zhao	I … I have observed and studied the Eastern Lightning,  

Sister Zhao	but … but I have not dared to accept it.

Sister He	I guess that you would not dare to accept it.

Sister He	Were you to accept the Eastern Lightning, the school would have to dismiss you.

Brother Zhang	Right, and not only would you be dismissed, you might be arrested and put in jail some day!

Sister Luo/Sister Chen/Sister He	Yeah.

Sister Zhou	To tell the truth, I really admire those people who believe in the Eastern Lightning.

Sister Zhou	They are able to spread the gospel and bear witness for God under all circumstances.

Sister Zhou	No matter how many have been arrested and put in jail, they go on spreading the gospel as always.

Brother Li	Yes.

Sister Zhou	On this point, we have no way to compare with them!

Brother Sun/Brother Li	Indeed.

Brother Zhang	What is there to admire? As I see it, these Eastern Lightning people are fools.

Brother Zhang	Isn't it just fine to earnestly practice their faith in secret in their homes?

Sister Luo/Sister Chen	Yes!

Brother Zhang	They are always out spreading the gospel and bearing witness. Can the CCP not arrest them?

Sister Chen/Sister Luo	Exactly!

Brother Zhang	It won't be too late if they just wait until the Communist Party falls from power, and then spread the gospel and bear witness for God.

Brother Wang	Mm.

Brother Zhang	Hmm! As of now,

Brother Zhang	the witnessing from the Eastern Lightning has shaken all of mainland China,

Brother Zhang	and they met with frenzied arrests and persecution by the CCP government,

Brother Zhang	implicating all of the house churches. Even Three-Self churches are in trouble,

Brother Zhang	and some churches have already been sealed up or demolished by the CCP.

Brother Zhang	In my opinion, our Three-Self churches will not have a peaceful time of it,

Brother Zhang	all due to the trouble stirred up by the Eastern Lightning. 

Congregation	(agreement walla until 00:07:30:00)

Sister Luo	The Eastern Lightning people are to blame.

Sister Luo	If not for them spreading the gospel and bearing God's witness as they do,

Sister Luo	the CCP would not have ramped up the attacks on religious belief,

Sister Chen	Right!

Sister Luo	and we would not need to be so cautious in our belief in the Lord.

Sister Luo	(sigh) We have believed in the Lord in the Three-Self church these years without effort and naturally meeting no hardship or annoyance,

Sister Luo	and, when the Lord returns one day, we will be brought into the kingdom of heaven anyway; that's great!

Sister Chen	Yes, indeed!

Sister Luo	Hmm!

Sister Luo	It was alright until now,

Sister Luo	in openly spreading the gospel and bearing God's witness, they have shattered our fond dream of faith in the Lord.

Sister Chen	That's right. All we are doing in believing in the Lord is trying to get some peace and safety.

Sister Luo	Yes.

Sister Chen	With the CCP suppressing and arresting Christians so frantically,

Sister Chen	yet the Eastern Lightning people spread the gospel and bear witness for God as always.

Sister Chen	Wouldn't you say that they are running right into the muzzle of a gun?

Brother Zhang	That's right!

Brother Li	Sister Chen, we can't speak this way.

Brother Li	Back then, to bear witness for Him, the followers of the Lord Jesus  

Brother Li	met with wild arrests and persecution at the hands of the Roman government and the Pharisees.

Brother Li	Many people sacrificed their lives for the Lord.

Brother Li	That was suffering for righteousness, which is good deeds.

Brother Zheng	Yes, those were righteous deeds.

Brother Li	Now,

Brother Li	those Eastern Lightning people, despite the widespread arrests and persecution by the CCP,

Brother Li	dare to openly spread the gospel and bear witness that the Lord has returned.

Brother Li	This is confidence. This is courage and insight!

Sister Zhou/Sister He	Yes!

Brother Li	Upon seeing them bear witness, how do I feel?

Brother Li	Two words, "I'm ashamed!"

Brother Zheng	Yes.

Brother Li	Some people say that the Eastern Lightning has implicated us, and brought us trouble.

Brother Li	What would the Lord think if He heard these words?

Brother Zhang	Brother Li, is this not speaking on behalf of the Eastern Lightning people?  

Sister Lv/Sister Xu	Yes.

Brother Zhang	Whoa, Brother Li, can we conclude that you have accepted the Eastern Lightning? 

Sister Chen	Ah?

Brother Li	If I had accepted it, I would have joined the Eastern Lightning church. Would I still be here?

Brother Li	To tell the truth, I am in the process of studying and observing the Eastern Lightning. 

Congregation	(discussing walla until 00:09:38:00)

Sister He	Oh? You are studying and observing the Eastern Lightning? 

Brother Zhang	What?

Brother Liu	You are studying and observing the Eastern Lightning? 

Brother Zheng	Returning to the topic, I feel that what Brother Li says is right.

Brother Zheng	The Lord Jesus said, "whoever … forsakes not all that he has, he cannot be my disciple"

Brother Zheng	Though we all believe in God,

Brother Zheng	those Eastern Lightning people can abandon everything, put the cross on their backs, and follow God.

Brother Zheng	They are living out the words of the Lord Jesus, and give no thought to their own lives to follow the Lamb.

Brother Zheng	But us? None of us has done that!

Brother Zhang	I don't like what you are saying.

Brother Zhang	With the CCP government persecuting religious belief so ruthlessly, how many will dare to risk their lives to follow the Lord?

Sister Chen/Sister Luo	That's right!

Brother Zhang	Not only have we not done it, even the pastors and elders have not done it!

Brother Wang/Sister Chen/Sister Luo	Yes!

Brother Zheng	Yet those Eastern Lightning people have done it.

Brother Zheng	Wave upon wave of them move courageously forward in teaching about the Lord, and bearing His witness. 

Brother Zheng	They have spread the gospel of the kingdom of Almighty God all over China proper.

Brother Zheng	They are the ones who earn God's praise!

Brother Sun	Hey, Brother Zheng, from the tone of your voice, have you accepted the Eastern Lightning? 

Brother Liu	Have you?

Brother Zheng	Oh, how could I dare to?

Brother Zheng	That wife of mine, when she heard I was studying the Eastern Lightning she complained nonstop.

Brother Zheng	If I really joined, who knows what a ruckus she would kick up!

Congregation	(discussing walla until 00:10:56:00)

Brother Zheng	She is afraid that if I believed in the Eastern Lightning I would be put in jail.

Brother Zheng	To tell you the truth, that is my worry, too.

Congregation	(murmuring walla until 00:11:05:21)

Brother Zheng	Nonetheless, I believe that the Eastern Lightning is the true way.

Brother Zheng	I prayed to the Lord. When the time and circumstances permit, I will certainly accept it!

Sister Luo	Hmm! You make it seem so easy. If the CCP weren't arresting people for it, I would accept it, too!

Sister Chen	That's right!

Sister Zhou	(sigh) It sets me to thinking, we have chosen to practice our faith in the Three-Self because we fear persecution by the CCP government.

Sister Zhou	Wouldn't you say that this is dragging out a shameful existence, trying to get off easy?

Sister Zhou	If this is how it truly is, can we go on thinking that the Lord will come and take us into the kingdom of heaven?

Sister Zhou	I feel that it is quite unlikely!

Sister Zhou	I feel that our belief in the Lord within the Three-Self is bringing shame to Him!

Sister Luo	Shaming the Lord? How can you say this?

Sister Chen	Really.

Sister Zhou	Think about it. We all believe in God.

Sister Zhou	How is it that the Eastern Lightning people are so confident, and we have no confidence?

Sister Zhou	Why do they dare to bear witness for God, and we do not?

Sister Zhou	Those people dare to accept the Eastern Lightning,

Sister Zhou	why, then, do none of us have courage and confidence?

Sister Zhou	It's not as simple as it seems!

Brother Zheng	Right.

Brother Li	It really is this way. Only after I observed and studied the Eastern Lightning did I learn

Brother Li	that they are eating and drinking the actual words of God.

Brother Li	The Holy Spirit is at work, and they have the blessings of God. That's the main difference.

Sister Luo	We don't have the confidence or bear witness like they do in the Eastern Lightning,

Sister Luo	but in our faith we must bring glory to the Lord in all that we do!

Sister Chen	Right!

Sister Luo	If we are arrested and thrown in jail, our families broken and dispersed, is that still a family?

Sister Chen	Hardly!

Sister Luo	Then unbelievers would laugh at us! This would not bring glory to the Lord!

Sister Chen	Precisely.

Sister Chen	If you ask me, we ought to practice our faith in the Three-Self Church. At least we won't be arrested and put in prison.

Sister Chen	If we believed in the Eastern Lightning, got arrested and put in jail, not to mention hardships,

Sister Chen	we really could be tortured to death by the CCP; that would not be worth our effort!

Sister Lv	Right. Shouldn't we seek peace and safety in our faith in the Lord?

Brother Zhang	Amen!

Brother Zhang	The Lord Jesus is loving and merciful. He knows that we are of small stature, and forgives our weakness.

Brother Zhang	When the Lord comes, He certainly will receive us into the kingdom of heaven.

Brother Zhang	We should believe the Lord's promise!

Sister Luo/Sister Chen	Amen! Yes.

Brother Zheng	(sigh) By what you are saying, it appears there are some things you haven't understood clearly.

Brother Zheng	In our faith in the Lord in the Three-Self, we must have correct self-assessment.

Brother Zheng	Would you say that the Three-Self Church is a church at all?

Brother Zhang	Do you even have to ask this? If it is not a church, what else could it be?

Brother Zheng	Do you know why the CCP government does not persecute people in the Three-Self churches?

Sister Luo/Sister Chen	Why?


Brother Zheng	The Three-Self Church is a church that is controlled by the CCP satanic regime.

Brother Zheng	Even the gatherings and sermons are supervised under the United Front Work Department.

Brother Zheng	It is hard to say whether the Lord would really recognize the Three-Self Church as a church at all.

Sister Chen	How could He not? Aren't all who call on the Lord's name recognized?

Sister Luo/Sister Lv	Right.

Brother Zheng	Was the Three-Self Church set up by disciples dispatched by the Lord?

Brother Zheng	Not in the least!

Brother Zheng	The Three-Self Church was set up by the CCP United Front Work Department.

Brother Zheng	How could the Lord recognize a church that was set up by Satan?

Brother Wang	It was set up by Satan?!

Brother Sun	The Three-Self Church was established by Satan?!

Brother Liu	I have never heard that before!

Brother Zheng	As the Chinese Communist Party sees it,

Brother Zheng	people like us who surrender to Satan and join the Three-Self don't truly believe in God.

Brother Zheng	The CCP is basically not watching us at all.

Brother Zheng	The ones who the CCP most admires are the Eastern Lightning people,

Brother Zheng	because the CCP government most fears a church in which the Holy Spirit is at work,

Brother Zheng	a church that has truth and bears God's witness.

Brother Zheng	We in the Three-Self church are not persecuted,

Brother Zheng	yet the Three-Self Church is full of secularism, following world trends, without the work of the Holy Spirit. 

Brother Zheng	(sigh) Can we who believe in the Lord here get into the heavenly kingdom?

Brother Sun	Right, speaking pure truth and talking of Revelation is not allowed in the Three-Self Church. 

Brother Sun	How is it possible to attain truth and life in this way?

Brother Zheng	Ah, honestly,

Brother Zheng	a person like me, I understand everything. It's just that I don't have the courage to accept the work of the last days of Almighty God.

Brother Zheng	So how could I be raptured into the kingdom of heaven!

Brother Zheng	As soon as I think of these things, I often pray to the Lord, confessing my sins, asking His mercy.

Sister Lv	In the Three-Self, we believe in the Lord, not in the Communist Party.

Sister Lv	As long as we hold onto the name of the Lord, and endure to the end, the Lord won't abandon us, will He?

Sister Xu	This is how I see it, too. Does it matter where one practices his faith? Why make it so complicated?

Sister Lv	Right!

Brother Zheng	Sister Lyu, I used to think the way you do.

Brother Zheng	Later I read what the Lord Jesus said in the Bible:

Brother Zheng	"Not every one that said to me, Lord, Lord, shall enter into the kingdom of heaven;

Brother Zheng	but he that does the will of my Father which is in heaven"

Sister Zhou	 (Amen!)

Brother Zheng	I began to ponder, getting into the kingdom of heaven is conditional.

Brother Zheng	More is required to get into the kingdom of heaven than holding onto the Lord's name and having places to gather.

Brother Zheng	We hide in the Three-Self church and believe in the Lord, not daring to spread the gospel and bear witness for the Lord.

Brother Zheng	Would you say that this is doing on God's will?

Brother Zheng	Would we be qualified to be taken into the heavenly kingdom when the Lord comes?

Brother Li	Having said this much, I have a few sentences to add.

Brother Li	It is not at all simple to be brought into the kingdom of heaven.

Brother Zheng	That's right.

Brother Li	During this period of studying and observing the Eastern Lightning, I was able to see a few things more clearly.

Brother Li	Now is a key time for welcoming the arrival of the Lord.

Brother Li	If we cannot hear the voice of the Lord,

Brother Li	and can't follow God's footsteps and attend the wedding feast of the Lamb,

Brother Li	we most certainly will not get into the kingdom of heaven.

Brother Li	Peter once said, "For the time is come that judgment must begin at the house of God"

Brother Li	There is a deep mystery to this.   

Brother Sun	Deep mystery?

Brother Liu	What deep mystery?

Brother Li	Judgment beginning with God's house refers to the work done when the Lord returns to express truth, and to judge and purify people.

Brother Li	Those people who hear God's voice, who come before God's throne

Brother Li	are the ones who will first go through judgment and be purified.

Brother Li	These people who follow the Lamb will certainly suffer hardships, and be rejected by the generation.

Brother Zheng	Yes.

Brother Li	This is the fulfillment of text from Revelation:

Brother Li	"These are they which came out of great tribulation …" .

Brother Li	"These are they which follow the Lamb wherever he goes".

Brother Li	"… there shall in no wise enter into it … but they which are written in the Lamb's book of life".

Brother Li	These verses of scripture say that only those who are in the Lamb's book of life will have a place in the kingdom of heaven.

Brother Li	As I see it, the people in the Church of Almighty God who endure the frantic arrests and persecution by the CCP

Brother Li	and are able to resolutely follow Christ, and bear witness for Christ,

Brother Li	I feel that they must be the ones who emerge from the great tribulation.

Brother Li	Only they are the overcomers whom God wishes to make. Only they are the ones who have a place in the Lamb's book of life.

Brother Li	Only they are qualified to enter the kingdom of heaven!


Brother Li	We in the Three Self drag out a shameful existence, not bearing any witness.

Brother Li	All we do is keep the name of the Lord Jesus, but we don't follow Christ. Yet still we expect the Lord to come and receive us into the kingdom of heaven.

Brother Li	This is like getting married in dreams—a wishful thinking!

Brother Sun	Hearing you talk like this, are you saying that all those who believe in the Lord within the Three-Self Church are cowardly people?

Brother Li/Brother Zheng	Yes!

Brother Sun	But we also recognize the name of the Lord, we pray to the Lord, and we read the Bible.

Brother Sun	Then why would you say that we are cowardly people?

Brother Liu	Right.

Brother Zhang	Yes, we truly believe in the Lord.

Brother Zhang	Our joining the Three-Self has the words of Paul in the Bible as its foundation,

Brother Zhang	"Let every soul be subject to the higher powers" .

Brother Zhang	Could the Lord condemn us as cowardly people?

Sister He	We really must understand what it ultimately means to be cowardly.

Sister He	It cannot be explained literally, and rules can't be applied carelessly.

Sister He	Is there a basis for this in the Bible?

Brother Li	As I remember, there is a phrase in Revelation that refers to cowardly people. I will read it aloud for you.

Sister Zhou	Oh, good!

Brother Li	"But the fearful, and unbelieving, and the abominable, and murderers, and fornicators,

Brother Li	and sorcerers, and idolaters, and all liars,

Brother Li	shall have their part in the lake which burns with fire and brimstone: which is the second death"

Brother Li	The words of the Lord say very clearly that cowardly people will not only not get into the kingdom of heaven,

Brother Li	they will ultimately descend into the lake of fire and brimstone, and suffer eternal punishment.

Congregation	(murmuring walla until 00:20:37:20)

Brother Sun	Then what really is a cowardly person? I still don't really know.

Brother Sun	Hey, Brother Li, perhaps you can explain it more.

Brother Zheng	Yes, please talk about it some more.

Brother Li	In that case I will talk a bit about my own understanding.

Brother Sun	Good.

Brother Li	Cowardly people are like this:

Brother Li	First, they don't dare to acknowledge the name of the Lord in front of others, and they don't dare to follow the Lord. This certainly is cowardly.

Brother Li	Second, they don't dare to spread the gospel and bear God's witness. They fear humiliation, or they fear being arrested and put in jail.

Sister Zhou	Right, this is also a cowardly person.

Brother Li	Third, according to the Lord's prophecy: 


Brother Li	"For as the lightning, that lightens out of the one part under heaven,

Brother Li	shines to the other part under heaven; so shall also the Son of man be in his day.

Brother Li	But first must he suffer many things, and be rejected of this generation"

Brother Li	From this we can be certain, when the Lord returns He will certainly suffer persecution, and be forsaken by the generation.

Brother Liu/Brother Zheng	True.

Brother Li	If we fear to suffer persecution, and are not daring to accept Christ of the last days, and not daring to follow the Lord,

Brother Li	if we only acknowledge Him within our own hearts, what significance does it have?

Brother Zheng	(sigh)

Brother Li	I believe that any person who fits one of these descriptions is a cowardly person.

Brother Sun	Mm!

Brother Liu	Brother Li's discussion is really detailed.

Brother Sun	Hmm, presenting it this way is really enlightening.

Brother Liu	Yes.

Brother Li	Is a cowardly person like this following the will of God?

Brother Zheng/Brother Sun	No, he's not.

Brother Li	Does a cowardly person like this have glorious and resounding witness?

Brother Zheng	No, indeed!

Brother Li	And can a cowardly person like this enter into the kingdom of heaven?

Sister Zhou/Sister He	They certainly cannot!

Brother Sun	So it appears that most of us who believe in the Lord in the Three-Self Church are cowardly people.

Brother Liu	Right.

Brother Zhang	Brother Li,

Brother Zhang	you say that it is a coward who does not dare to recognize the name of the Lord in front of others. I endorse this.

Brother Zhang	But to say that a person who does not accept the Eastern Lightning is a cowardly person, I cannot accept this!

Sister Lv	I say Amen to what Brother Zhang just said!

Brother Li	Brother Zhang, the Lord Jesus says plainly in the Bible:

Brother Li	"Whoever therefore shall confess me before men, him will I confess also before my Father which is in heaven.

Brother Li	But whoever shall deny me before men, him will I also deny before my Father which is in heaven"

Brother Li	What I gather from the words of the Lord Jesus 

is this:

Brother Li	This not only refers to us not acknowledging the Lord in front of others,

Brother Li	it mainly refers to how we during the last days when the Lord Jesus has come do not acknowledge Him for fear of persecution.

Brother Li	Many people in religious circles now know that the Eastern Lightning has truth, and is the true way,

Brother Li	and that Almighty God is the return of the Lord Jesus,

Brother Li	yet because the CCP madly persecutes the Eastern Lightning, they dare not accept it.

Brother Li	Wouldn't you say that is not daring to acknowledge the Lord in front of others?

Brother Zheng	Yes.

Brother Li	Isn't such a person a cowardly person?

Brother Liu	That is how it is.

Brother Zheng	(sigh) I see it clearly. If we want to get into the kingdom of heaven, we must risk our lives!

Brother Zheng	Didn't the Lord Jesus say that

Brother Zheng	"For whoever will save his life shall lose it:

Brother Zheng	and whoever will lose his life for my sake shall find it"

Brother Li/Sister Zhou	(Amen!)

Sister Zhou	Though we are not persecuted by the CCP as we believe in the Lord within the Three Self,

Sister Zhou	we will not be able to welcome the Lord, and ultimately will not get into the kingdom of heaven.

Sister Zhou	Is this not fetching water with a basket? Completely empty!

Sister Zhao	Yes, this is practicing faith in vain!

Sister Zhou	It certainly is!

Sister He	Having brought this up, our belief in the Lord in the Three-Self will not get us into the kingdom of heaven!

Brother Sun	(sigh) In China, to believe in Christ, and follow the Lamb really is to be persecuted!

Brother Sun	Cowardly people certainly will not get into the kingdom of heaven.

Brother Sun	How should we face up to this situation?

Brother Sun	If we wait until the CCP falls from power and then believe in Christ, and follow the Lamb,

Brother Sun	we will have missed the chance to attend the banquet and be perfected.

Brother Sun	If we value our lives too highly, always thinking of self-preservation,

Brother Sun	we'll not only lose our life, we'll also miss the blessing of going to the kingdom of heaven.

Brother Liu	Right.

Brother Sun	It appears that if we want to get into the kingdom of heaven we must risk our life and follow the Lord.

Brother Zheng	Amen!

Brother Sun	This possibly is the meaning of bearing the cross to follow the Lord.

Brother Li	Mm!

Brother Sun	And how do the Eastern Lightning people follow God?

Sister Zhou/Sister Zhao	I wonder too …
