

















(DIALOGUE)








Mira	I believe that all dreams have a meaning and you dream all sorts of things. You can dream that you are flying, that you're under water, or that you are travelling in another secret world. A fairy-tale world. If you draw what you dreamt its easier to remember them. The dreams I mean. Sometimes I think that what happened at Christmas three years ago was only a dream. But sometimes my dreams take me back there. Together with my brother, who became the king because he made snow, I go through the cave that connects their world with ours. I meet Snerk, the evil sorcerer, who tried to steal the magic gauntlet that made snow. And Eiril, who was not one of us but became the princess there. I wish i could return, but the cave collapsed and got blocked. So the only way i can go back is in my dreams. Hello!

Anton	Hi Mira.

Mira	I've been to the library.

Anton	Great!

Mira	Look what I found

Anton	"How to interpret your dreams?" by Dr. F. P. N. Howard, but you already have three books like that.

Mira	True, but none of them can interpret your dream.

Anton	Which dream do you mean?

Mira	Hello? You know, the dream where you hang from the chandelier, with a Christmas tree under you and with three garden gnomes dancing around.

Anton	OK Ok Ok I remember that, but I think you need to calm down a bit with all that dream stuff.


Mira	Yes, but Dr Howard says that if you want to the best dream interpreter in the world you must never give up. 

Anton	Remember how mad Mummy was when you painted the hall pink?

Mira	Yes, but that is what her dream said that she wanted.

Anton	It didn't look like that when she saw what you had done.

Mira	But I'm not finished with my training yet.

Anton	No, I understand.

Mira	When are we going out to buy Christmas decorations? Before or after dinner?

Anton	Listen Mira, there is something that I have to tell you.

Anton	You know, after the farm burned down, with all the Christmas decorations, and we had to move back here - well, there's something that is called insurance.

Mira	I know, that's why we can buy all new decorations.

Anton	That's true, It's just that we got this letter yesterday. it says that we hadn't paid in time so we get no money for the house.

Mira	Have we become pawpers

Anton	No no, it's just that we have no money! So we have to save all we can. And I don't have too many clients at the moment so Mummy will have to work double shifts. 

Sara	I know that's not much fun Mira, but that is how it for us this year.

Anton	Yes.....

Sara	Ok? It's Roy!

Anton	Is he the new one?

Sara	Yes, Roy has been an undercover cop in Jæren. He's been involved in almost everything. That I must say! Unbelievably inspiring having a partner that one can learn things from. 

Anton	But you'll be home before I go to bed. Or?

Sara	What did you say?

Anton	Are you coming home before I go to bed?

Sara	No, no need to sit and wait for me. Bye everyone. 

Anton	Well, I have to make dinner anyway so I'll put some in the 'fridge for you.

Roy	Cheerio.

Anton	Can you try to find out what my garden gnomes dream means while I get the fish fingers ready? 

Mira	OK! Three garden gnomes dancing around a plastic Christmas tree. Garden gnomes and plastic Christmas tree, that means......Oops! I have interpreted Daddy's dream. He dreamed of garden gnomes. Which means we will have fun and games, and there was a plastic Christmas tree in the  dream, which means that he wants lots of lights!

Kevin	And you are quite sure that it isn't something you have dreamed up? We can't afford anything anyway.

Mira	Can you come to the garage with me? Those who lived here before have left lots.

Kevin	I don't have time. As soon as this has finished its calculations, I will know where the best chance is of finding the entrance to the Valley of Knights 

Mira	Kevin, the cave has collapsed. There is no entrance and you will never see Eiril again! Why don't you get a life? You can start by helping me create a bit of Christmas atmosphere here. 

Snerk	Hey you! Yes, but you said take it a bit easy. You've already had some today, you greedy little gnome. 

Messenger	Honourable citizens of the Valley of Knights, receive Queen Eiril. 

Eiril	Today is the 16th of December, snow day.

Eiril	It's three years since I came to the Valley of Knights, from the world beyond the infinite forest. There hadn't been snow here for many years because the magic gauntlet was lost. But someone came and saved us, gave us the gauntlet back. That was the Christmas King, Kevin..

Snerk	I'd call him King of the Rats, but OK.

Eiril	I....We will never see him again, But we must never forget what he taught us. That one is never too small to do big things.

Mugg	Used armour for sale. Come and buy. Special price. Only today!

Snerk	I've run out of sweets, can I call it a day?

Eiril	No, Uncle Snerk, the party has just started. Get some more from the kitchen. 

Snerk	How long am I to be punished? OK, so I tried to take the gauntlet, But I was going through bad period. Like anyone can But I'm much better now, Yes I am. I even feel good.

Iris	You have to learn to love children and Christmas. Then it won't feel like a punishment.

Mugg	Used armour for sale. Only this evening. Only missing a gauntlet.

Snerk	What was it you said?

Mugg	Only missing a gauntlet.

Snerk	Where did you find it?

Mugg	In a cave. I sleep in caves when it is cold.

Snerk	Alone?

Mugg	Yes.

Snerk	What's your name?

Mugg	Mugg.

Snerk	Mugg. What sort of a name is that?

Mugg	Is this really snake poo?

Snerk	Yes

Mugg	What's so special with that armour?

Snerk	This is the magic armour that belonged to the good knight who created the Valley of Knights, and now... Now it is mine. Finally mine!

Mugg	Actually it's mine. I found it!

Snerk	No, no, no. What can you do with it? It won't work for people like you. You have to be of royal birth. So alright. What do you want for it? Maybe a rug for your cave? 

Mugg	You are the most evil person I have ever met. So I want to live with you.

Snerk	I hate kids!

Mugg	So do I. Hate is good, because it makes you even more evil, doesn't it?  But tell me how this armour works.

Snerk	Four parts, four elements. Eiril's gauntlet is water, that's what she makes snow with. This gauntlet here is fire.. Did you see that? Did you see that? The breastplate is earth. It protects you from pain. Like this, for example. I can stand like that all day. I can stand like that as well! Mmm, no pain whatsoever. Lovely. The helmet... That is air. Look out. Now, all that I need is the other gauntlet, so the armour is complete and I have all the power in the Valley of Knights. 

Miranda	Yes but... Now I cannot see a thing. 

Nick	*Something that is not understandable*

Miranda	Are you holding the door?

Nick	Yes

Miranda	One more.

Nick	Are you sure. Yes, yes, yes.

Miranda	Come on, come on, come on. What haven't much time. OK. Yes. Let me see. Maybe I can manage one more, but not in the hair. Not in the hair!

Nick	Like this.

Miranda	No, no.


Isabell	What are you doing?

Mira	I'm looking for Christmas decorations.

Isabell	We finished decorating a long time ago! But was the nagging over then? No way. Now we have to go to London to do our Christmas shopping, but I am so tired. I just want to sleep. But that's impossible with so many lights. . Christmas is tiring.

Nick	Isabel, come now! We have seven types of cake to bake before 7 o'clock.

Isabell	What about those?

Mira	These are so cool!

Nick	Isabel! I know you've been waiting a long time to bake. But as Norwegians say: "all things come to those who bake", isn't that right Mira?

Isabell	Not  bake, but wait Pappa.

Nick	Wait or bake - whatever, Why didn't you tell me earlier.

Mira	Please work, so there is some light here.

Kevin	No! No No!

Lat	There she is. Come on.

Snerk	I think you look worn out Iris. Don't you like your lodgings? 

Iris	What a coward you are Snerk. You let your slobs search for Eiril whilst you hide here behind high walls and----

Snerk	Bla bla bla, quack quack quack. Why do you think I have brought you here? Just to get a breath of fresh air?

Iris	What do you mean?

Snerk	Eiril is on her way here at this very moment. With the gauntlet. Then I have all the armour. You know what that means?

Iris	You have no right to do this, Snerk.

Snerk	You begrudge a serious and hardworking evil man his pleasures? I think that you are being petty, Iris.  

Iris	All this just because our people elected your brother as king? Is that it? 

Snerk	Well, that's a fair summary I guess! Yes! Finally, finally. Where is the girl?

Lat	Your Majesty! We followed her into the forest, we were in full control, and then she disappeared.  

Snerk	And the gauntlet? Put her back in her cell in the tower. And give her everything she wants of Christmas food and drink.

Unhealthy prison guard	What? Are you joking?

Snerk	Of course I'm joking.



Sara	So, the rest of the neighbourhood has got its power back. But we have to replace absolutely everything. Fuse boxes, cables, bulbs, extension cords, everything has been destroyed. 

Anton	But when can they fix it?

Sara	January.

Anton	January! Not again!

Sara	Why did you do this, Mira? And look at your mother when I talk to you!

Mira	I .... Just wanted to read Daddy's dream, and it said he wanted lots of lights for Christmas. I wanted you to be happy.

Sara	You know what Mira? Just because of that dream reading stuff of yours we have no place to spend Christmas. No place to be. So this is what we can do with this!

Anton	Doesn't that belong to the library?

Sara	What did you say?

Anton	Nothing.

Sara	P1 here, over.

Roy	P2 here, you have to come to the hospital at once, an emergency has arisen. Over and out, to put it that way.

Sara	That was Roy. So we can continue this conversation tomorrow. And you my girl, you had better start thinking.

Anton	Oh, so it's my turn to fetch fire logs again.

Kevin	Three years' work down the drain.

Mira	Pardon?

Kevin	Just go, OK?

Nick	We're just trying to lighten the atmosphere Anton. You know, the Yule goat.

Anton	Bye for now.

Sara	You have to come with me, at once.

The Doctor	Hi.

Sara	Hi hi.

Kevin	Eiril?

The Doctor	She is in a coma, and she is suffering from hypothermia. She was found in the river. So it will be a while before she wakes up.

Sara	What do you know about this, Kevin?


Kevin	Me? Nothing.

Sara	It's three years since we last saw Eiril and her mother, And suddenly she pops up again?

Kevin	Yes, but I know nothing about this.

Sara	All that stuff that's going on in your room in the evening? And what you told your Pappa and me about the Valley of Knights at Christmas time?

Kevin	Now now, I was just kidding. 

Mira	Why do you say that?

Kevin	Mira!

Roy	Alright!

Sara	Hi Roy!

Roy	What's going  on, Sara? Is this an investigation or a family get-together?

Anton	Actually we know this girl. Maybe we can be of help?

Roy	You're an accountant?

Anton	That's right.

Roy	Exactly.

Mira	You think something has happened in the Valley of Knights? Maybe the entrance is near the river? What's that?

Kevin	A pressure gauge.

Mira	What are we going to use that for?  Kevin, look! We have to tell them that Eiril is here. And when we bring the good news, maybe we can celebrate Christmas there!

Kevin	Don't say anything about the gauntlet. Take it home and hide it in a safe place. 

Mira	Cant' I come with you?

Kevin	You know what happens when you try to help!

Mira	No! Actually i ......

Kevin	Mira! You stay here.

Mira	And I interpreted Daddy's dream and it said he wanted lots of lights. But everything went really wrong, so Mamma just threw my book and said that everything about reading dreams is rubbish. But I think it is actually true, where one…

Eiril	The gauntlet, where is the gauntlet?


Mira	Eiril, you are awake. We found the entrance to the Valley of Knights, and Kevin has gone to tell them. 

Eiril	Is Kevin in the Valley of Knights?

Mira	Yes, he's gone to tell your mother. Do you think we can celebrate Christmas there?

Eiril	He can't, it's dangerous. It's dangerous there.

Mira	What? 

The Doctor	Eiril? Eiril? Can you hear me? Give me the oxygen.

Sara	Where are you going?

Mira	Mmm, only out for a breath of fresh air.

Sara	Yes We can't find any address for them, It's as though they have never existed. 

Anton	Eiril was awake a while.

Sara	What? Now I have to find Roy.

Anton	Roy? Roy, Roy, Roy. What is it that makes Roy so fantastic?

Sara	Well, at least he gets things done.

Anton	Gets things done? Just who gets things done at home? Whilst you and that conceited nincompoop are out doing "sort of" important things like catching badgers! Who does the shopping at home? Who gets the kids off to school? While you are  out play policewoman?

Sara	Playing at being police?

Anton	Yes! Finally, finally.

Sara	I work my ass off because that company of yours isn't doing well. And don't play the sacrifice game because the kids can manage themselves.

Anton	Yes, there.....

Sara	Let me tell you something. You put on a pinafore and use that as an excuse so you don't have to sort out your own life.

Roy	Have you ever caught a badger? When badgers bite, they don't let go before they hear the bones in your leg break. So think about that before you accuse us of playing police, Mr Accountant! 

Anton	Where are you going? Mira? Mira!

Mira	Hello?

Fnugg	Who are you?

Mira	I'm not telling.

Fnugg	Check her bag.


Kid	Take the bag.

Girl	Look, I think it is food.

Fnugg	What is it? Give  it to me.

Fnugg	Is it a weapon

Mira	No, it's a soda.

Fnugg	Soda?

Mira	Yes, the type you drink.

Fnugg	Take her!

Mira	Ouch!

Lat	We can't find any trace of her, Your Majesty.

Snerk	You have one single assignment. To find Eiril and the gauntlet. Search the forest and turn every single stone. 

Lat	Come, let's get started.

Mugg	You want to see? It's too nice, isn't it? Not evil enough?

Snerk	Drawings? You think I care about drawings? Can't you stop interrupting me,  it's impossible to think here?

Mugg	What are you thinking about? Maybe I can help you.

Snerk	Firstly, I don't need any help from a matchstick and secondly, what are you doing here? Haven't i told you to stay in the other part of the palace?

Mugg	Right, but I found an old box with Christmas decorations. I thought you might be happy if I burned it up.

Snerk	So, go and burn up the decorations.

The Farmer	A girl?

Fnugg	Yes, a girl.

The Farmer	But I don't have room for any more orphans here.

Fnugg	But she has lots of funny things I've never seen before.

The Farmer	What do you mean by that? Open up the hatch.

Mira	Kevin!

The Farmer	Who is there?

Kevin	It's only my sister!


Mira	Eiril was awake for a few seconds. She said it was dangerous  here.

Kevin	Why do you think I didn't want you with me?

Mira	I had to come and warn you!

The Farmer	(*Mumbling*)

Mira	But who are they?

Kevin	This is Fnugg and the others are his gang and they are here to help me.

Mira	But with what?

Kevin	We have to get the armour away from Snerk.

The Farmer	Oh, goodness gracious

Kevin	When I was here last time, I learned a secret. There is a secret passage from the king's room to the forest, here. If we go through that passage, we get into Sterk's room and can steal the armour while he is asleep.

Mira	OK! When are we going?

Kevin	You're going nowhere!

Mira	What?

Kevin	You shouldn't even be here, and it's too dangerous to go back. So just stay put!

Mira	Yes, but I.....

Kevin	No! No buts about it.

The Farmer	You just have to stay here, and I can't go with you. I can't go with you because I am washing all my underpants so I can't come....unfortunately

The Farmer	I'll look after her!

Anton	Hello hello. Good afternoon! Guten tag? Bon jour? God afton! Have a nice day then!

Lat	Dance

Anton	Here and now?

Lat	You heard what I said.

Anton	Like this?

Lat	Dancing is forbidden. You are under arrest.

Anton	But you said I should do it.

Lat	Take that clown and let him cool off in the dungeon. You come with me and find some food. 

Anton	No, it was you who said he should do it. I think that was rotten. Had I known that dancing was forbidden I would never had danced. And I don't particularly like to dance either.


The Farmer	He didn't seem very happy to see you.

Mira	No. I always seem to be in the way. I try to help, but everything goes wrong.  I wish i was as smart as Kevin . That I could do something. I can only interpret dreams, and that doesn't count for much. When will I have a use for that?

The Farmer	You might well have a use for that. I, for example, dreamed that there is a big square box that one put one's underpants in. And then it fills up with water, goes round and round and round. *sound effects* and the clothes wash themselves. How can you interpret that dream then? Snerk's  men are coming. Quickly, Hide in the cellar. Mother and father!

Mira	My bag!

The Farmer	Oh Mother!

Mira	My wallet

Lat	We are the king's men and you are to give us all the food we want.

Kevin	Honesty, courage and sacrifice.

The kids	Honesty, courage and sacrifice.

Lat	Where have you put all the good stuff? Eh? Looks as though you have got enough to eat, anyway. What is that there? Yuk. So, where is it?

The Farmer	Hi you man. No that is not soup. It's my underpants being boiled

Lat	Come. Let's go to the next farm. What is that?

The Farmer	What is what?

Lat	What is it?

The Farmer	Just something I found in the forest.

Lat	Let me see. Come come. The Christmas King.

The Farmer	Well, I don't know, they were lying there. I found them in the forest.

Lat	You can look forward to being in prison, you peasant you. Come. We have to tell Snerk that the Christmas King is here.

Mira	We have to warn Kevin.

The Farmer	Are you crazy,? It's far too dangerous, far too dangerous.

Mira	Yes, but they'll get caught.

The Farmer	Yes but you were to stay here and I  was to look after you. I promised your brother so we stay here and hope for the best.

Kid	He's asleep.

Kevin	Go and watch the door. You two can take down the helmet.

Kid	Yes.


Kevin	You stay here and watch the entrance.

Kid	Take the helmet.

Snerk	Little stinging nettle. *mumbling* Stinging nettle, Find a little stinging nettle.

Fnugg	We have to cover his ears.

Kevin	Yes.

Mira	Kevin!

Kevin	Mira? I told you you weren't to come.

Mira	Yes, but Snerk's men know that you are here, they are on their way to warn him now!

Kevin	There is only the gauntlet left.

Snerk	No my little lemon, that tickles.

Mira	Dreaming about lemons means he has an internal conflict.

Snerk	Oh! Sting me my stinging nettle.

Mira	To dream about nettles mean he in love with someone, but that it hurts!

Snerk	Christmas King. Christmas King. Take him. Take hm.

Lat	The Christmas King is here.

Mira	Wait for me.

Snerk	Well look here. Here we have the little Rat king. The people's favourite! Yes... So cosy things are here. Quite a lot has happened since we last met. And here one is trying to have a good conversation. Mmmmm Now listen to me you stodgy pudding. Now you can tell me where Eiril and the gauntlet are so I can gather my powers. If you do that you can go back home and enjoy yourself.  

Kevin	I'll never tell you that.

Snerk	What did you say?

Kevin	I'll  never tell you that.

Snerk	Am I the only one who thinks you’re battling a headwind? Think it over till tomorrow, or it will be even more draughty here. And these walls can be the last thing you ever come to enjoy. He'll make a try for it, so watch him carefully.

Unhealthy prison guard	The Christmas King will stay here, Your Majesty, nobody has ever managed to escape..

Snerk	Nobody from our world, no!

Mira	Come here before they see you. Come. You are part of Kevin's gang are you not?

Mugg	Yes

Mira	Just like me, I make a mess of everything- Kevin said that I shouldn't follow him, but then Eiril woke up, and she said it was dangerous here and I had to warn him. But now I've spoiled everything for both of them.

Mugg	So you know where Eiril is?

Mira	Yes. I know where Eiril is and where the gauntlet is.

Mugg	I know exactly how you feel. I too feel that I am in the way. I spoil everything, just like you .But the two of us can collect Eiril's gauntlet so we can prove that we managed it.

Snerk	Rats and cockroaches. 


Lat	But you have caught the Christmas King?


Snerk	Yes, but you know what that means? That the mountain has opened. 


Lat	Opened?


Snerk	Yes, if evil powers threaten the Valley of Knights, it can open. That is why the Christmas King is here and the gauntlet and Eiril are there.

Lat	There?


Snerk	Yes, beyond the infinite forest. I have been there, and I have seen it with my own eyes. They have doors that open themselves. Wagons that move along at high speeds without horses. And iron birds in the skies.  

Mugg	Snerk!

Snerk	What have I said about interrupting me when I am working? 

Lat	You have to force the Christmas King to tell you where the opening is.

Snerk	You see, he would rather lose his life than betray Eiril. That's what love does to people! Blah, it makes me sick!

Mugg	You never listen to me! Do you want to know how we can get Eiril and the gauntlet, or are you just going to sit there complaining?

Lat	Shall I chuck her out of the window?

Mugg	I have found a girl hiding in the palace. She knows where Eiril and the gauntlet are, and she trusts me! Let me help her escape from the palace and go to Eiril, without being stopped. Then you can follow after her.

Snerk	Wow! That's my girl.

Unhealthy prison guard	Them ain't real damsels in distress you know. That is all a load of tripe. The names ain't proper and them ain't in distress either! Open up, open up the door...

Kevin	Mira? Is there anyone else here? Pappa?

Anton	Kevin! Are you here as well? So everything you said about this world is true? 

Kevin	What are you doing here?

Anton	I followed Mira.

Kevin	Yes, she's out there somewhere. We have to find her and then get home without being caught.

Anton	Yes. What should we do? What do you think?

Kevin	One thing is certain, we can't go in these clothes.

Anton	No, we can't.You said I should find something that didn't attract attention.

Kevin	What are they going to do?

Anton	One thing they are not going to do is celebrate Christmas.

Mira	Beyond that swing is the infirmary.

Mugg	Is the building infirm?

Mira	No its for people who are sick or infirm, and that is where Eiril is. Look out! What is that?

Mugg	Oh, that's only a few nuts I took with me.

Mira	And what is that?

Mugg	There must have been a hole in the bag.

Mira	You're not kind. You are evil!

Mugg	That's right, I'm Snerk's favourite. Will be at least, when he finds this out. And I don't need you any more because now I know where Eiril is.

Snerk	Children are children's worst enemies. I've looked after Mugg because she might be useful one day, and I was right. She has fooled a stupid little girl and now I know where Eiril is. And the gauntlet!! We will enter a world full of dangers and will take pack the gauntlet, and with full armour I can close the Valley of Knights once and for all.

Kevin	We have to get home before they leave.

Anton	Yes.

Kevin	So we move Eiril.

Anton	Yes.

Snerk	And you will have privileges. You can choose the houses you want to live and evict those who live there. It will..... You will have food and silver, a free subscription to Damsels in Distress.

Lat	Wait a mo! Is that for a year or for a lifetime?

Snerk	What?

Lat	Is it a lifetime subscription?

Snerk	Lifetime! Mount up!

Lat	Hi. What are you up to?

Anton	I was only ... Going to have a pee.

Lat	Pee a bit? Haven't I seen you before? Who are you?

Anton	I'm the new guy.

Lat	The new one? What's your name?

Anton	Anton!

Lat	Anton? Everybody here has a nickname. Yes, do you have a nickname? What is your nickname?

Anton	Number Cruncher. Anton Number Cruncher.

Lat	OK, Anton Number Cruncher, get mounted.

Mira	Hello? Hello? Eiril? Eiril, you have to wake up! Come on. You have to wake up. Eiril?

Sara	Don't know where they are-

Roy	I'm sure he's in a hotel with the kids, you know. But you Sara? That relationship is more or less over. I think you need to look ahead, don't you?

Sara	No, I have to ring a few police stations in the area just to make sure. Where are the telephone catalogues?

Roy	There are a lot of people who are..... looking for love. Can't read that stuff. You know what, it's sad to see. 

Sara	Kevin! I hardly recognised you. Where have you been?  Kevin, talk to me. What on earth is going on?

Kevin	Some very dangerous people are coming to take Eiril and I have to go in and save her. 

Sara	Oh no! You're going nowhere. Get in the car and stay there. Roy and I take over now,  we're going in to check.

Kevin	Yes, but Mummy! But....

Roy	Listen to your mother, and get in.

Sara	So, now just stay put unless you want to be grounded for the next five years.

Kevin	Yes, but...

Snerk	Leave the horses here.

Mira	Kevin! Kevin, here!

Kevin	Mira?

Mira	Snerk has sent a very scary girl who is here to take Eiril. 

Kevin	Get down into the parking area. I'll meet you there.

Mira	Please, come on! Kevin? Maybe it would help if we put the gauntlet on her.

Kevin	We have to get her home. So, help me.

Sara	No, he's off again. What has happened?

Snerk	Come on! Hurry up!

Kevin	Red

Sara	Kevin said that they are dangerous. I'm so happy that you are here. Roy has cutting edge competence when it comes to gang-related crime. And he is extremely extreme. He's worked for the FBI and he took a black belt in one week , Soo(?)

Roy	Well. Maybe not in a week.....

Sara	What?

Roy	Maybe I exaggerated a little bit. It was Tae Kwon Do, and a little over a week in fifth form.

Sara	OK, but you worked as an undercover cop in Randaberg?

Roy	Yes, that bit about Randaberg is true, but.....

Sara	So you have lied to me?

Roy	Maybe a bit....

Sara	Maybe a bit?

Roy	I don't have a black belt, I haven't infiltrated MC clubs, I haven't worked for the FBI.

Sara	But what was the whole idea? What?

Roy	I just wanted you to like me. I love you, Sara. 

Sara	But I am married Roy!

Roy	But nobody loves their husband any more, do they?

Sara	Yes! In fact, I do!

Snerk	What sort of goo is this? Take them!

Mira	In dreams pale blue means magic and green means movement.

Kevin	Try yourself

Roy	Help! Help, help!

Sara	Now we calm things down. Hi, now we calm everything down, and I mean really....

Snerk	So take her then!

Mira	Get in.

Anton	Sara!

Sara	Anton!

Lat	Careful.

Snerk	That was the Rat king. Eiril is probably with him, so we mustn't lose them. Follow that iron horse.

Sara	I didn't know that you could drive a snowmobile.

Anton	There's a lot you don't know about me. Full gas, let's catch up with them. 

Sara	Oh, Oh oh oh oh. Oh Heaven forbid.

Anton	Sorry, I got a bit of flash fire. Did you see who was driving that ambulance?

Sara	Yes! I did.

Anton	We have to find the kids, mumsy, come on!

Mira	Are you alright?

Kevin	Yes

Mira	Eiril?

Kevin	Eiril?

Eiril	Kevin? Where is the gauntlet?

Kevin	We have it, but Snerk is after us.

Mira	Do you think you can use the gauntlet against him?

Eiril	I don't know, I've never had a chance.

Lat	Yes Prrr…

Snerk	This way!

Snerk	Everyone, search everywhere, Lye and Lazy. We take that square there. But how does one get into these?

Kevin	We have to get out into the garden.

Lat	There is nobody here, Your Majesty.

Snerk	It's Eiril, she is using the gauntlet. Come on, the next box.

Mira	Look!

Snerk	Search the whole area with a fine-toothed comb.

Mira	What should we do now? Should we just continue to flee. 

Eiril	No, if we don't take him now he will go back to the palace, and I'll never get another chance. 

Kevin	But is there enough power in the gauntlet? He has all the armour.

Eiril	There is only one way to find out. Watch out!

Miranda	So, you go out there.

Nick	Yes yes yes yes. Are you sure of that? 

Miranda	Nick! No I cannot take a  ........ Au!

Nick	Are there medieval Yule goats here? With armour and everything. Is it real? That's real anyway. Oh look here! Is  it sharp? No, and unfortunately we don't have any goodies for you, we have been travelling. But I have something else I can show you. Follow me. Let there be light! Isn't that fantastic?

Snerk	Finally. Full armour. That was a lot of damage to private property. A lot of baluba! For what? We could have dropped all this if you had given it to me at once. You know what I'm going to do now? I'm going to close the mountain for ever. Because now you are going home with your uncle, and you're going to spend the rest of your wretched life in the dungeons together with that pathetic mother of yours. Look at me. I am proud and upstanding and  great. I am a representative of the good powers of the world.

Eiril	Let me go!

Lat	Come on! Back to the Valley of Knights.

Isabell	Daddy

Nick	What

Mira	Kevin! Are you OK?

Kevin	It's over, Mira.

Mira	But what about Eiril and the gauntlet?

Kevin	It's too late. He cares for no-one but himself and now he has the gauntlet.

Mira	Mugg?

Mira	I know how we can stop Snerk!

Kevin	No Mira! Mira, come back, this is dangerous!

Lat	Lifetime subscriptions to Damsels in Distress. Come on. Back to the Valley of Knights. So go!

Mira	Stop! Give me the armour.

Snerk	Are you trying to be funny?

Mira	We have caught Mugg and taken her prisoner. If you want to see her ever again you must give me the armour and slip Eiril free.

Snerk	And what makes you think I will give up the armour for the sake of little kid?

Mira	My little stinging nettle, my little lemon.

Snerk	What is it..that your are ranting on about?

Mira	I can interpret your dreams, Snerk. And you have fallen in love with her.

Lat	King Snerk, loves a child?

Mira	You'll never see her again, Snerk. It's great to have someone you can evil together with, isn't it? And you cannot betray her, because that is love. Real love. If you didn't care for Mugg, I wouldn't be standing here still.

Snerk	Where is she?

Lat	Hi, come on then Snerk, she's messing with your mind!

Snerk	Where is she?

Mira	First, give Eiril the armour.

Lat	You can't give up the power to such a dirty, filthy good for nothing little girl! 

Snerk	(*incomprehensible*)

Lat	You promised us everything. We were to have lifetime subscriptions to Damsels in Distress and.... 

Mira	All she wants is to hear you tell her. She only wants you to like her. That's what everybody wants, to be liked. Even if you do silly things. 

Mugg	What have you done? Are you completely mad? How can you do evil things? In a nightdress?

Eiril	Now you must leave and must never set a foot in the Valley of Knights ever again.

Snerk	OK! Come on Mugg, let's go.

Sara	Mira! That was really fantastic.

Eiril	You are never too small to do big things. Thank you, Mira. Now i have to go in and release my mother. And make sure that we all have a Christmas here. A white Christmas. 

Mira	What did she say?

Kevin	I think you will get your wishes fulfilled, Mira.

Sara	This is so fantastic Mira, it's just like in a dream.

Mira	I told you I was good at interpreting dreams.

Anton	Yes

Iris	Welcome Mira. You have grown so much.

Sara	Oh oh oh. This is unbelievable Mira.

Iris	Welcome. So lovely that you can celebrate Christmas with us.

Kevin	But when Christmas is over, are you going to close the tunnel?

Eiril	I have to, I don't want Snerk to be able to come back.

Kevin	No....

Eiril	But now I have the full armour, so I can open and close the tunnel at will.

Kevin	I think next year is going to be a great year.

Eiril	I believe that too.

Sara	Mira, I have bought a little extra present for you.

Mira	Shall I open it now?

Sara	Yes

Mira	Dr. Howard's book!

Sara	Yes.

Mira	Thank you ever so much.

Sara	It wasn't easy to find.

Anton	You're a bit of a crazy girl, Mira. You do lots of things that make Mummy and I go up the wall. Can you promise us that you'll never stop that?

Mira	Yes!

Iris	Then we can take our seats at the table.

Sara	Yes, please!

Iris	Welcome So, eat as much as you can, send the food round. Merry Christmas everyone.

All	Merry Christmas!

Mugg	So, do you think that evil will win in the end. 

Snerk	Yes, of course. What do you think? I promise you that evil will win in the end. 

Mugg	Are you absolutely sure?

Snerk	Yes.! So, are you happier now?  That's good. This is for you.

Mugg	I have never been given a present before.

Snerk	Well, I stole it for you. Can't do much evil with earache.

Mugg	Hope there's lots of lice in it. So I really start to itch.

Snerk	Come on. You and me, Mugg, you and me.

Lat	Do you have any suggestions as to what we should do or? Would it matter if you said something once in a while or what? Isit  quite empty in there or  are you just thick in the head`?

Lut	You mustn't call me thick in the head, OK? How do you think it is to be me? An evil knight with this voice?

Lat	What type of voice you have doesn't play a role. Evil comes from within, and you are a terrible man through and through. Merry Christmas, my friend.

Lut	And a Merry Christmas!

Nick	Look at what I found. Christmas lights, Now we'll be cosy. Merry Christmas, What. Hello. What the he....




































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































