Swallows	You're a loser, it's just a fact.

Swallows	But what if I told you

Swallows	that I could help you change all of that.

Swallows	I'm a winner but then you probably already know that.

Swallows	I'm also a connoisseur and a curator

Swallows	of the best life has to offer.

Swallows	Everything that you'll never get to experience until now.

Swallows	Leveraging my excellent palette and dark star technology,

Swallows	we have strategically created Chicken Milk Beer,

Swallows	so that everyone can have a little taste of my success.

Swallows	So go on, slam a--

Swallows	Fucking, fuck!

Réal	Cut!

Swallows	Our existence hinges on the next hours.

Swallows	One more thing, let's kill the fucking sound, hmm?

Swallows	Now, where are we with the prototype?

Scientifique	See for yourself.

Swallows	I like it.

Swallows	It's sort of cute.

Swallows	So, we're on track for the test?

Scientifique	Broadcast window secured.

Swallows	So, where in the good goddamn is my alpha subject?

Boys	Woah!

Chauffeur	If we don't make this delivery in five minutes, we are dead!

Chauffeur	Dead! You hear me!?

Chauffeur	Fucking hell!

Chauffeur	Come on, hold it down!

Chauffeur	Hold it down!

Boys	Merry Christmas!

Homme bonnet gris	I'm gonna blow you up!

Chauffeur	Woo!

Boys	Nice!

Chauffeur	Woo!

Boys	What's all the noise, boys?

Homme bonnet noir	What was that?

Homme bonnet noir	Check it out.

Scott	So chief, think we'll see any action tonight?

Tina	Oh, Scott I was an eager rookie once too.

Tina	You need to learn in this job,

Tina	it's not about looking for action,

Tina	it's about preventing it.

Tina	You should be writing that down.

Scott	Oh, uhh I was keeping my notebook in my holster

Scott	but then I need that for my gun.

Scott	I lost it so, you know how that goes.

Scott	It's uhh, it's fine.

Chauffeur	Boys?

Chauffeur	You gotta give me an update, boys!

Boys	(Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaah)

Tina	Are you grasping my lessons?

Scott	I think I'm getting a grip of it.

Boys	(Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaah)

Chauffeur	What the fuck is happening?

Tina	Because you need to keep your eye on the prize.

Homme bonnet	No!

Scott	Got it, chief!

Scott	Eye, prize--

Scott	And everything else that you say, chief.

Chauffeur	Wipers aren't working.

Homme bonnet	Looks like I brought a knife to a wolf fight.

Tina	The only way to get a leg up in this job is to be vigilant.

Scott	Cool, like the Wolfcop?

Tina	That thing is not the law, it is a perverse myth.

Tina	You have a better chance of seeing Santa Claus.

Chauffeur	(Aaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhh)

Tina	Don't even!

Shop	No!

Shop	No! My fucking Wolfcop!

Tina	Suspect heading towards station, prepare intercept.

Chauffeur	You dead back there?

Chauffeur	Oh shit!

Scott	Hands where I can see em'!

Tina	Go.

Tina	Rookie, we clear?

Daisy	Check em' out chief, perps' already bagged.

Tina	Dammit Daisy, that is evidence.

Tina	Oh god.

Scott	(gaging)

Daisy	There's an animal, something big!

Daisy	I swear I put a round in it.

Tina	It's probably just a raccoon, fat off town trash.

Tina	Well okay, Columbo.

Tina	Can the detective work.

Tina	Grab the tape, set up a metre perimeter

Tina	before the lookie-loo's start showing up.

Scott	Okay.

Scott	Yeah okay, sorry Chief, yeah.

Scott	Oh, fuck sake!

Scott	Some one stole our donuts.

Tina	You're in charge until I get back.

Tina	I can put up with a lot,

Tina	but stealing donuts that's a new low.

Tina	You can't keep doing this Lou.

Tina	You promised me you would stay locked up.

Tina	Do you have any idea the shit storm you caused last night?

Tina	The new Recruits?

Tina	Suspicious.

Tina	And you know what they're calling you?

Tina	Fucking WolfCop.

Tina	Where's your car?

Tina	Your pants?

Tina	Rookie's a good shot, I'll give'r that.

Tina	What if a bystander got hit, hmm?

Tina	What the hell were you thinking?

Lou	Shifters.

Tina	Okay, until we know who we can trust,

Tina	this becomes our new home base.

Tina	I will see you bright and early on duty with donuts.

Tina	And put on some fucking pants.

Tina	Poke an eye out with that thing.

DJ Dan	Brrr! It's cold out there in Woodhaven.

DJ Dan	It's cold like a--

DJ Bob	My wife's heart.

DJ Bob	She doesn't--

DJ Bob	--me anymore.

DJ Dan	What?

DJ Bob	Never mind.

DJ Dan	Uh, okay. This is BAD Radio, I'm Dan and he's--

DJ Bob	Bob!

DJ Dan	Well it must be a Christmas miracle, because filthy rich billionaire Sydney Swallows is reopening the old brewery.

DJ Bob	A welcome change to Woodhavens not just consuming mass quantities of booze, but now making it. Rumour has it Interim-Mayor Bubba Rich	made a pretty penny off that deal.

DJ Dan	Hey and if that's not enough to be thankful for, "Santa Swallows" is also retrofitting the brewery into a sleek new hockey arena!

DJ Bob	What's the name? We're the Woodhaven Darkstars will play their first home game this Christmas Eve. The game is free, so get there early!

DJ Dan	Oh and always, this BAD radio update is brought to you by--

DJ Dan/Dj Bob	Liquor Donuts! What more could you ask for?

Tina	I'm still trying to get that image

Tina	of your dick out of my head.

Tina	Look at this!

Tina	People are gonna see this!

Tina	Oh god.

Lou	Okay, try now.

Lou	Tina!

Tina	I'm coming!

Lou	Fuck!

Lou	Stubborn piece of shit!

Lou	Alright, again!

Lou	Yeah!

Tina	Yes, good job, Lou.

Lou	Took long enough.

Tina	Come here.

Tina	Repeat it back to me.

Lou	Dump the bodies at the morgue.

Lou	Dump the present at HQ.

Lou	Torch the van.

Tina	And?

Lou	Don't stop for a beer.

Tina	No, I mean it, not even a quick chug-a-roo.

Lou	Alright, I got it.

Tina	I'm serious, I'm keeping you locked up tonight.

Tina	No more "lone wolf" crap.

Tina	You've got to be kidding me.

Zumba Guy	What are you staring at it for, man?

Zumba Guy	Don't be shy, give it a try.

Zumba Guy	Just pop it and just, glug, glug, glug!

Daisy	I'm on-I'm on duty.

Zumba Guy	Well--

Tina	Hey, everything under control, rookie?

Daisy	Uhh, yes, Chief.

Daisy	Interim-Mayor Rich is just showing off

Daisy	what the new brewery is cooking up.

Zumba Guy	I don't know if I was technically showing off

Zumba Guy	but yeah, I was just sharing.

Zumba Guy	I thought.

Zumba Guy	"Slamma' Cold Cock!"

Zumba Guy	That's my way of saying hi.

Zumba Guy	What do you think?

Zumba Guy	It's a slogan, man, for the beer!

Zumba Guy	Try it! It's amazing!

Zumba Guy	Go ahead, go ahead!

Zumba Guy	Chicken Milk, right?

Tina	Yeah, that's catchy

Tina	but I don't think you came here to pitch me, Bubba.

Zumba Guy	No.

Zumba Guy	Wha-- Bubba?

Zumba Guy	I don't think we're on a first name familiarity here at all.

Zumba Guy	She, maybe could call me Bubba, you could call me Mayor Rich.

Tina	Still pitching.

Zumba Guy	Yes, I'm still pitching because reopening the plant

Zumba Guy	is key to the revitalization of Woodhaven.

Zumba Guy	Let me tell you something young lady,

Zumba Guy	considering what it took to convince Sydney Swallows

Zumba Guy	and all the Darkstar shareholders--

Zumba Guy	We don't need any unnecessary tension, do we?

Tina	Thanks for the advice

Tina	but I think we have things under control.

Tina	Woodhaven P.D. is all about discretion.


Zumba Guy	Hmm.

Zumba Guy	Yeah, you've got everything under control.

Zumba Guy	How many people have died in the last,

Zumba Guy	oh I don't know, ten minutes?

Zumba Guy	People dropping, like it's cra--

Zumba Guy	They're dropping left and right.

Zumba Guy	I'm hearing it's a giant fucking WolfCop.

Zumba Guy	Are you hearing that?

Tina	Thanks, tips.

Zumba Guy	You know you might wanna try that it'll take the edges off.

Tina	I'm more of a black coffee gal, Bubba.

Zumba Guy	Well, I'm a black gal guy.

Zumba Guy	I'm gonna ask you one very important question, Tina,

Zumba Guy	and then I'm gonna leave.

Zumba Guy	Hopefully you'll answer me and if not,

Zumba Guy	it'll just dramatically hang in the air.

Zumba Guy	Ready?

Zumba Guy	How come you never see this WolfCop and this Lou Grou

Zumba Guy	in the same place at the same time?

Tina	Uhh--

Zumba Guy	A WolfCop?

Zumba Guy	Goddammit that sounds metal.

Zumba Guy	Rookie.

Zumba Guy	Tina.

Lou	Yeah, I cracked that package.

Lou	I don't know, some kind of lizard goo.

Lou	I don't know,

Lou	this is where Willie would've been really helpful.

Lou	Okay, bye.

Willie	Well, that fuckin' hurt, you dick!

Lou	Willie?

Willie	Hi Lou.

Willie	Hey man, before we, you know, hug it out and all that shit,

Willie	I gotta know one thing, any of this goo yours?

Man TV	Shoplifter!

Woman TV	Help!

Willie	Cheers, man!

Willie	Nothing like a fucking Dale ail.

Lou	So, how much do you remember?

Willie	I remember like, I don't fucking--

Willie	Bits and Bobs, man, like--

Willie	There was like this beautiful big, fucking bright light.

Willie	Which I think was a distraction because behind me

Willie	there was like a huge bulbous, smooth shaft--

Willie	Fellas! What is this?

Willie	With--

Willie	Oh, that's kinda nice.

Willie	And there were some weird fucking weird

Willie	reptilioids dudes, man.

Willie	They umm, they fucking violated me, Lou.

Lou	What do know about Shapeshifters?

Willie	Well, if we're just gonna gloss over what I just said

Willie	about the fucking huge bulbous shafts

Willie	and, no means yes in their land.

Willie	I don't know, man, shifters are my fucking sisters bag.

Willie	I'm more about like fucking drones

Willie	and chem-trails and sasquatch.

Willie	Hey!

Willie	Did you ever find that fucking Sasquatch, man?

Willie	You know, I was this close, Lou!

Lou	Willie! Focus.

Lou	Shifters.

Willie	Okay, shit, uhh--

Willie	So, well, basic theory is:

Willie	they're trying to control the world

Willie	by assuming the identities of fucking regular folks, man,

Willie	I mean--

Willie	Holy fuck, Lou!

Willie	Did one of them take my place, man?

Willie	How much did I miss?

Willie	Oh, do I still own the fucking gun shop?

Willie	Am I still the coolest motherfucker in Woodhaven?

Willie	Does Tina Walsh still love me?

Willie	Lou, how long was I gone for?

Lou	A few months, I wouldn't sweat it.

Willie	Don't swea--

Willie	Well, easy for you to say, man.

Willie	You weren't fucked right in your identity.

Swallows	Leveraging my excellent palette and dark star technology,

Swallows	we have strategically created Chicken Milk Beer,

Swallows	so that everyone can have a little taste of my success.

Swallows	So, slam a cold cock and unleash a better you.

Willie	Oh.

Willie	Hey Lou, umm--

Willie	Is it getting hot in here, man?

Lou	No, not really.

Willie	You got a little boys room?

Lou	Hey.

Lou	Down the hall.

Willie	Oh shit.

Lou	Yeah, Tina?

Lou	You're never gonna believe what I found in that crate?

Willie	Umm, Lou?

Lou	Yeah, is everything okay?

Willie	Well, uhh, is there any chance you feel like going on a

Willie	gitch run bend?

Tina	Hey, is that Willie?

Tina	Don't hang up.

Swallows	What's this?

Scientifique	Insurance.

Scientifique	Frank will preoccupy the police so there isn't a repeat

Scientifique	of lasts nights debacle.

Swallows	You named him Frank?

Swallows	Smells like old people.

Swallows	Really smells.

Man radio	Happy Christmas!

Man radio	Merry Hanukkah!

Man radio	Joyous Kwanza!

Lou	Carl.

Lou	You got the rights for this stuff?

Chinois	Oh yeah.

Chinois	WolfCop is an official mascot!

Chinois	We share profits.

Lou	Yeah, okay.

Man radio	Today's special: Dale's six packs.

Man radio	Now $..

Man radio	Enter now to be first to taste Chicken Milk stout.

Man radio	So delicious, so creamy and delicious.

Man radio	Shut your face the T.V. news is on!

Reporter=Sandy	It sat dormant for decades, but now the old Woodhaven Brewery is days from reopening, thanks to visionary business maverick and best-selling author Sydney Swallows. Mr. Swallows, given your business interests all around the world, why Woodhaven?

Swallows	Well Sandy, as an entrepreneur,

Swallows	I'm always looking to maximize my investments. I like to win. Now Woodhaven's depressed economy and cheap labour force made it a natural fit for Darkstar and besides if there's one thing that Woodhaven knows, it's cheap ass beer.

Homme chemise	Hell yeah!

Lou	Fucking sheep.

Swallows	You can thank your lucky "Darkstars"

Swallows	because Chicken Milk is about to save your--

Reporter=Sandy	Thank you, Mr. Swallows.

Reporter=Sandy	(laughing)

Swallows	Thank you.

Swallows	So, where are you from?

Reporter=Sandy	Here in Woodhaven.

Directeur/Off	C-cut the piece.

Homme casquette	Swallows.

Lou	Hey, what time is it?

Chinois	It's almost ten-o-clock.

Lou	Oh, shit.

Man radio	Okay, that's unexpected!

Man radio	Well, as for the weekend, uhh it's gonna be a beautiful--

Serveuse	Bonjour, and welcome to Club--

Serveuse	Fuck!

 Tina	Lou?

Tina	Lou?

Tina	Cutting it close.

Lou	Seen Will, yet?

Tina	How do we know it's really Willie?

Tina	Really Willie?

Willie	Mind your fucking peepers!

Willie	Oh, this isn't a shit, this is not a shit!

Willie	It's in me, man!

Willie	You will not lose to a shit!

Homme barbu	Give the girls a hand!

Homme barbu	You piece of shit!

Willie	How big are you?

Tina	Lou, you good?

Tina	No bullshit tonight, howl if you need me.

Docteur tv	I'm afraid I have some bad news for you, Ken.

Docteur tv	You have cancer.

Docteur tv	You also have aids.

Bonhomme ventre	Wakey wakey, pickle kisser!

Willie	Who the fuck said that, man!

Bonhomme ventre	You with me, nutsack?

Bonhomme ventre	Quit the drama, Nancy.

Willie	This can't be fucking real.

Willie	You are not real.

Willie	Get-out-of-my-belly!

Willie	I really don't have time for this.

Willie	I'm tripping balls!

Willie	Lou!

Willie	Lou!

Tina	Go for Chief, what's up?

Tina	Details?

Tina	Okay, copy that.

Tina	Keep me posted.

Tina	Good work.

Tina	Maybe.

Willie	Uhh, Lou Grou, Lou!

Willie	Do you have any fucking duct tape

Willie	or a hammer or like ad-fucking-vice or something--

Willie	Tina, woah!

Tina	It's Chief Walsh and don't you take a goddamn step, Higgins.

Willie	Chief Walsh, I always knew you could do it.

Willie	You are a fucking vision.

Tina	Well, being the peoples chief does agree with me.

Willie	Oh, it agrees with me too, come over here you--

Tina	Woah, woah, woah, woah, woah!

Tina	How do I know it's really you?

Tina	The last time I saw you, you were a shifter.

Willie	Simple solution, are you feeling the same or similar butterflies

Willie	to what you felt the last time you saw me?

Tina	When I saw you I shot you dead.

Tina	I recommend you be as honest as possible.

Willie	Honesty?

Willie	Umm, okay well I gotta show you something rather personal.

Willie	I always pictured this going down

Willie	a little bit differently but umm--

Willie	No, no, no, no, no, no, no!

Willie	You need to fucking see this!

Willie	Voila!

Bonhomme ventre	Hi sweet tits!

Tina	Fuck me.

Willie	Would you say that this is a bad thing?

Tina	It's not good.

Willie	In terms of us, is it uhh, fucking game-changer.

Tina	Are you insane?

Bonhomme ventre	Hey, why don't you give one eye a kiss.

Willie	Hey!

Bonhomme ventre	Owh!

Willie	Uhh, so, umm what would you suggest we do?

Scott	I got a bad feeling about this.

Daisy	Probably cause you're drinking that rooster juice beer.

Scott	It's not beer, it's stout.

Daisy	Whatever.

Scott	I don't wanna die, not on my birthday.

Daisy	Fallback, need backup ASAP.

Scott	Freeze!

Daisy	Scott!

Tina	I can get it off, one shot.

Bonhomme ventre	I bet you can.

Willie	That's what he said.

Tina	Go, what's your location.

Daisy	We're at Club Phoque!

Daisy	Officer Scott's still in the building and--

Tina	Hang tight, rookie.

Daisy	Back up, ASAP!

Bonhomme ventre	I love an ass in uniform.

Willie	Hey!

Willie	You respect the fucking lady, I will stuff you in my asshole

Willie	and choke you out with my anus.

Willie	Owh! You little fucker.

Willie	Owh! You little fuck!

Tina	Jesus!

Willie	Hey, hey! What about Lou?!

Willie	Lou, you're a Wolf.

Lou	Cop.

Willie	I get that,

Willie	I think you're missing the bigger issue here though.

Willie	the fucking wolf part man!

Tina	Daisy!

Daisy	I never should've left him.

Tina	Shit!

Tina	Lou, woah, Lou! 

Tina	Stand down!

Tina	Rookie, gun!

Tina	Alright, set up a perimeter, you stay here!

Tina	Listen to me, team work, okay?

Tina	On my mark! One, two--

Tina	Fucking hell, Lou.

Tina	As your commanding officer I order you to stand down.

Tina	Hey asshole!

Tina	Come on, come on, come on!

Tina	Come on!

Tina	Get in there!

Daisy	Are you okay?

Tina	We're alive.

Willie	Come here, Lou.

Tina	Get him out of here, now!

Bonhomme ventre	Let me see the ladies, I smell them.

Willie	Please ignore me, I'm not myself.

Willie	Don't worry, I got Lou.

Tina ?	Morning sunshine.

Tina ?	You gave us quite a scare.

Tina ?	Lou Garou, you were such an animal.

Tina ?	You thirsty?

Tina ?	Get over here!

Tina ?	Lou, what's wrong?

Tina ?	Wake up!

Willie	Hang in there, buddy.

Willie	Lou, Willie's got a plan to make you better.

Willie	I just hope she lets us in.

Policier	The only body left intact.

Policier	Gonna be a busy night.

Tina	You ever seen anything like this before?

Policier	No, never.

Tina	Let me know when you've got him cracked open.

Willie	I can't believe I'm back in the vag'.

Willie	Hey Lou, there's your Dad.

Willie	Namaste, sister.

Willie	Oh, he's barely a fucking cop and he's my friend

Willie	and he's the best guy around!

Willie	Open up, you owe me!

Willie	Watch your sassy mouth!

Willie	Lou, come on, man.

Willie	Space alien impregnates a woman.

Willie	Is that what you are man, you little fucker?

Willie	Okay.

Kat	It's a miracle he's alive.

Willie	Well, Lou Garou is the strongest and bravest man that I know.

Willie	What are you doing?

Kat	Oh my god!

Kat	He's a Lycan!

Willie	And a werewolf, not the point.

Willie	Can you please fix him!?

Willie	Hey, that occult book, mom left that to me.

Willie	You can use it now to save Lou but it's my book.

Swallows	Woo, shit!

Swallows	Any trouble recovering him?

Swallows	A lycan lawman?

Swallows	Tell me Frank finished him off?

Swallows	We're less than hours from our big coming out.

Swallows	If that thing rears it's hairy head one more time,

Swallows	I want it on my mantel.

Willie	Wait so, this is your plan,

Willie	you're gonna save Lou with a dusty piece of shit?

Willie	Kat, come on.

Willie	Hey, you sure that's a-that's a good idea.

Willie	I mean, I do know that he can't fucking afford it.

Lou	You wouldn't happen to have a beer handy, would ya?

Willie	Oh, thank god!

Lou	Are you an angel?

Willie	What?

Kat	I'm Kat.

Lou	Oh, what'd you give me?

Kat	The Moon!

Kat	A piece of it anyway, acquired during the Apollo missions.

Kat	Easy now.

Kat	Just like any great remedy,

Kat	it has the huge potential to be abused.

Willie	Lou, you look fucking amazing, man.

Willie	That moon rock works fucking fast.

Lou	That robo-freak really did a number on me.

Kat	You need to heal.

Lou	I need to get back to Woodhaven.

Willie	Lou, you're not better, man,

Willie	you're on some high-octane lunar fucking cocaine.

Willie	Five minutes ago you looked like a bag of smashed assholes.

Lou	I feel way better, I'm okay.

Kat	Then how is it that a little kitty

Kat	can pin down a big bad wolf?

Willie	Okay, getting weird.

Willie	Keep your distance, come on now.

Kat	Rest.

Kat	Get your strength back.

Willie	So happy you're better.

Willie	You really came through,

Willie	you saved the day, okay and I miss this, man!

Willie	Like you and I battling the big bad occult world.

Kat	Me too.

Willie	Well, then come back with us, back home!

Kat	I can't go back to Woodhaven, it's not-It's not safe.

Willie	Dude, we have a fucking WolfCop.

Kat	If Lou were smart, he would get in his car and disappear.

Willie	Well, Lou ain't like you.

Willie	And he's not smart.

Daisy	Chief.

Tina	Can we talk?

Daisy	About Scott?

Tina	Look, as someone who has seen a lot of death and frankly,

Tina	mostly by my own hand, I can assure you

Tina	it does get better, okay?

Tina	And sometimes it's even fun, good talk.

Daisy	I can't believe people really think that Chicken Milk

Daisy	is gonna "transform" Woodhaven.

Daisy	What is it chief?

Tina	You're a genius.

Tina	Suit up, we're going on a fieldtrip.

Willie	I woke up, I didn't know where I was and then all of the sudden

Willie	I see fucking Lou Garou.

Willie	He punched me right in the fucking face.

Willie	What?

Kat	Next round's on me.

Willie	Okay.

Lou	So, what's her story?

Willie	You mean besides the fact that she's off limits to you

Willie	and anyone else in here? We were tight growing up, I mean super tight. She basically raised me, which is weird because you know, She's my younger sister.

Willie	Yeah but then a few years ago, man, she changed like fucking out of nowhere. You know, sealed herself off I didn't see her, it's like I was lost and Bambi in the woods. It was really tough.

Lou	Why?

Bonhomme ventre 	Cause he wants to fuck her.

Lou	You say something?

Willie	I'm pretty fucking tuckered.

Bonhomme ventre 	Get all up in that ass!

Willie	Well, I'm hungry?

Willie	Where's the fucking menu, I could eat for two.

Lou	Is that my sister?

Kat	To recovery.

Willie	And abstinence and respecting people's siblings.

Bonhomme ventre 	Give me my drink!

Kat	You okay?

Willie	Uhhhh, yeah.

Willie	No, I mean, I'm not feeling right exactly.

Bonhomme ventre	Let me out of here.

Willie	Yeah, I'm gonna go tuck in.

Bonhomme ventre	Bye.

Lou	Does he seem a bit off to you?

Scientifique	The rink thermostat has been dialed in.

Scientifique	The embryos have stabilized.

Scientifique	Everything is coming together.

Swallows	Well then, we should really thank that Hairy Lycan fuck!

Swallows	If he hadn't dwindled our numbers so much,

Swallows	we wouldn't have pushed for this "final solution".

Swallows	Excellent.

Bonhomme ventre	No bogarting the devil's lettuce, brother.

Willie	Okay, man.

Willie	Easy, T-rex arms, I got you, man.

Willie	Shit! What the fuck?

Willie	What the fuck are they doing?

Willie	Motherfuckers!

Willie	Fucking Lou Garou's about to use his fucking freedom stick

Willie	on my sister.

Bonhomme ventre	Bang, band chicken shrimp.

Willie	No more weed for you.

Lou	Is that moon dust?

Lou	I thought you said--

Kat	This isn't for you.

Lou	Hey, you starting without me?

Kat	Motherfucker!

Kat	Wow!

Willie	I still hear em'!

Willie	I can't listen to this shit, man.

Swallows	You're a loser, it's just a fact.

Willie	Take that!

Swallows	I could help you change, all of that.

Swallows	I'm a winner.

Willie	Hey, you like that, man?

Willie	Okay, lil' dude!

Willie	That's your jam?

Swallows	Leveraging my excellent palate and Darkstar technology,

Swallows	we strategically--

Willie	You feeling okay, man?

Willie	Hmm?

Swallows	So, slam a cold cock.

Swallows	Unleash a better you.

Homme bandeau	Wow!

Homme bandeau	This is impressive.

Homme bandeau	This is why rinks cost so much

Homme bandeau	because they're always putting stuff like this

Homme bandeau	underneath and then they work it into the price of the ticket.

Homme bandeau	Whole thing reminds me of this porno I invested in once called

Homme bandeau	"The Cunt for Red October."

Homme bandeau	It didn't go over very well

Homme bandeau	cause people don't like that word.

Homme bandeau	October.

Homme bandeau	The nicest part about it, it's a hockey rink.

Homme bandeau	And there is nothing I like more in this world than hockey.

Homme bandeau	Well, except maybe fat stacks of coloured cash.

Swallows	Well then, here's to a fruitful partnership.

Homme bandeau	Mmm, look at all that money.

Homme bandeau	Thank you!

Homme bandeau	Now this, this is worth leaving my Zumba class early for.

Homme bandeau	Mmm.

Homme bandeau	I'm gonna slam a cold cock.

Homme bandeau	Oh.

Swallows	Woah.

Homme bandeau	Crisp.

Swallows	Oh, you really like your beer, don't you?

Homme bandeau	Feels good, really feels good,

Homme bandeau	so you guys ready for the puck drop or what?

Swallows	Almost, we still have to test our PA system. You're here just in time.

Homme bandeau	You heard that, right? Oh! Why do I--You son of a bitch, Syd! What the fuck!?

Swallows	It's glorious!

Homme bandeau	Get it off!

Homme bandeau	Son of a bitch!

Tina	Come on, come on.

Swallows	Did he shit himself?

Tina	Daisy!

Kat	So, that happened.

Lou	Yeah, does Willie know?

Kat	Well, we were pretty loud.

Lou	No, I mean about you being--

Kat	Fucking with you.

Kat	I wanted to tell him, but he wasn't himself.

Kat	Even now I feel like he's hiding something--

Willie	Hey fucking, Turner and Hooch, stop fucking please!

Kat	Coming William.

Willie	Shit just got real!

Willie	Come out, come out wherever you are little buddy!

Willie	Just be a man, I got more of that fucking weed.

Willie	You guys keep your eyes fucking peeled.

Willie	He's fast and he's fucking bulbous.

Lou	Who?

Willie	Bad Willie.

Kat	That's a shifter hiss!

Willie	What're you--

Willie	No way he's a fucking shifter but he's smaller,

Willie	nastier and I think he's my son.

Willie	Fucking Karma!

Lou	Move.

Willie	That was the worst fucking four hours of my life.

Willie	You were so loud,

Willie	you didn't even fucking hear me fucking crown!

Lou	Oh god damn!

Willie	I just gave birth to that.

Lou	Shoot this fucker.

Willie	Nope, he's my dude, I can't.

Willie	Ouu!

Willie	What like, you two don't have secrets?

Kat	This is bad.

Kat	Earth's atmosphere prevents Shifters from reproducing,

Kat	but if they've found a way to impregnate humans--

Kat	We're fucked.

Lou	Hello?

Lou	Woah, woah, woah, slow down.

Lou	Don't do anything, we're on our way.

DJ Bob	Hey Dan we're tick, tick, tickin' down to the big game between the Woodhaven Darkstars and those rotten Regina Potashers!

DJ Dan	Ouh! I can't wait! And between that, and the throwing of the switch on the new brewery, folks are calling Swallows the saviour of Woodhaven, while others fear we may be putting too many eggs in that old Chicken Milk basket.

DJ Bob	Oh boy! Don't forget to stock up on game gitch. The first hundred through the door get a free skate sharpening compliments of--

DJ Bob/Dan	Liquor Donuts!

Tina	Thank god.

Tina	Oh, you guys.

Willie	We're good.

Tina	Oh.

Willie	Tina.

Willie	Okay.

Tina	Lou, how are you?

Willie	Oh, he's pretty good considering,

Willie	he just laid the fucking good wood into my sister.

Tina	What?

Willie	In case you cared.

Tina	I don't care.

Tina	I don't care about that.

Tina	I don't care.

Willie	Uh-huh.

Willie	You are so fucking cute and the woman of my fucking dreams.

Willie	Hey Walter, we got a fucking Desert Eagle.

Willie	Gimmie it! Gimmie it!

Tina	No, just--

Tina	Okay listen, Swallows has Daisy.

Tina	We need to move.

Tina	Puck drops in .

Tina	Take that.

Lou	This thing's heavy.

Tina	Well, you'll thank me later.

Lou	So what's the plan, Chief?

Tina	This is one of those times

Tina	I actually wish we had a full moon.

Willie	Well, you are in luck the love of my life.

Willie	I happen to have a full fucking moon rock!

Willie	Who wants to party?

Organo	Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the first of many home games here at the new Darkstar Arena! I'm your maestro for the evening, Organo!

Organo	Now put your hands together for the visiting team, The Regina Potashers! Yeah take that gitch Regina, that's what you want! That's what you deserve!

Willie	I'm on the pond.

Willie	How we doin'?

Tina	Nothing so far.

Organo	Ladies and Gentlemen, the man of the hour and my close friend personal friend Sydney Swallows.

Swallows	Welcome. You are all very fortunate to be here tonight. Count your blessings. "Why invest in Loserville?" People keep asking me. Because undervalued real estate and cheap labour can only go so far, in the end I had to go with my gut and trust that we could transform this shithole into something far superior. You are all very, very blessed to be apart of it.  So, stand with me! And raise a toast. I officially declare the Darkstar plant open! ?? As if you didn't have enough to thank me for, allow me to introduce you to your new home team the Darkstars! 

Willie	This flock is fucked.

Organo	Ladies and gentlemen, please remain standing for our national anthem.

Tina	I've got some repairs to do.

Homme sécu	There's no zamboni here, darling.

Tina	What's that?

Tina	Willie!

Tina	The Darkstars, I don't think they're human.

Swallows	Yes!

Swallows	Rise my children!

Willie	There's heavy action in the sound booth.

Willie	I'm gonna go check it out.

Tina	Coming to you.

Joueur	We fuckin' doing this?

Willie	We were doing this, man, but that's two minutes

Willie	for your face, five minutes for that fucking breath!

Willie	Go!

H. casquette rouge	Oh my god, Willie!

H. casquette rouge	Thank you.

Willie	God speed.

Organo	In place--

Willie	Music's over, Jack.

Organo	It's Organo.

Willie	What?

Willie	Your name's fucking Organo?

Willie	You play the Organ, that's super fucking weird.

Willie	Why the fuck aren't you wearing pants!?

Organo	I recognize you.

Organo	I'm the one who probed you.

Willie	It's time to die, you strange animal.

Swallows	That's it!

Swallows	Yes!

Swallows	What the fuck!?

Willie	Beat it.

Chinois	Big fucking Wolfcop!

Swallows	Well, well, well, if it isn't Mr. Harry Ball Sac himself.

Swallows	You're a little late to the fucking party!

Willie	Check! Check! Check! Origamo has left the fucking building! This is your DJ Willie Higgins.

Swallows	Who the hell is that?

Willie	I'd ask that your proceed in a calm and orderly fashion to your nearest fucking exit. Here is a little diddy to help you along.

Tina	Everyone out of here now!

Swallows	Shit.

Swallows	Bring it on, beast man!

Willie	Ouu!

Willie	Fuck!

Willie	Fucking human shish kebob, Lou! Well played, man!

Swallows	Kill her.

Willie	On our ice, we have a moron challenging fucking Wolfcop!

Swallows	Kill him!

Willie	Oh fuck!

Swallows	Hmm.

Willie	Dude, you're playing skins for life, man!

Swallows	I will not lose to a motherfucking Werewolf!

Swallows	Get him!

Tina	I need some help down here!

Willie	Where are you?

Tina	Your right! To the right!

Willie	Tina!

Tina	Sneaky bitch!

Willie	Hands off her!

Willie	I'm coming.

Tina	Oh god, okay, you know what?

Tina	Yes!

Tina	I'm ready for this. Mhmm.

Tina	Oh god, okay!

Tina	I am highly trained, so.

Tina	Okay.

Tina	You are fucking ridiculous!

Willie	Back off my woman, bro!

Tina	What the hell was that?

Willie	Me saving you!

Tina	Also, that was a woman.

Willie	Yeah, okay.

Swallows	And we have a winner. A notre Gagnon! But unfortunately for you, you haven't read my latest bestseller. "Anticipate every outcome." Wait for it! Ta-da! Get him boys! Let's go! Sayonara sucker!

Willie	He's playing the coop.

Tina	Lou needs help!

Willie	Okay, you go get him, I'll get the wolfman!

Tina	Okay.

Tina	Hey, you're a good man Higgins.

Willie	Okay so, this is happening right now?

Tina	Hey, you know, I gotta go.

Willie	Oh, yeah!

Willie	Excuse me, can I borrow your sythe, brother?

Willie	Cheers!

Willie	Come here boy, get your medicine.

Willie	Take her down, man.

Willie	Oh, shit, that's a lot.

Willie	It's that dude!

Swallows	Forget it.

Swallows	Come on.

Tina	Freeze.

Swallows	Oh shit!

Swallows	Oh, good shooting, Tex!

Tina	On the ground and spread'em.

Swallows	I don't think so.

Swallows	Listen you little A-Cup Duo, look around, hmm?

Swallows	The sooner I go out that door,

Swallows	the sooner you can go help your friends. Or you can shoot me now and we all die right here. Merry Christmas, bitches.

Daisy	Chief? Do you think he's bluffing?

Tina	Ask me in a minute.

Tina	Come on!

Willie	Lou! No fucking way!

Willie	Kat?

Willie	Lou, you don't look good buddy.

Willie	Hang in there partner, I got some medicine. Fuck, we're almost out of the moondust. Call a vet, 911! Call your fucking dealer, answer me! Meow! Okay Lou, Lou! What do you need? What helps you? Donuts, donuts, booze, booze, booze, booze! Pass me the hooch. Got a little bit left, make you a Higgins fucking smoothie. Down the hatch!  You know what you're drinking Lou? The moonshine, baby! I'm glad you're better, man, but I still don't approve of this shit.

Jeune fille	Hi bitch, wake up time.

Daisy	The horror.

Tina	The paper work.

Tina	Hey uhh, sorry to break up the party but we have about twenty seconds to get out.

Willie	Why?

Daisy	Cause this shit's about to blow, come on!

Willie	Lou Garou.

Tina	Come on, Lou!

Daisy	Go, go, go!

Daisy	I guess he wasn't bluffing.

Tina	Like I said, you'll thank me later.

Willie	Good thing we got those season tickets, huh Lou?

Tina	See? This is why we can't have nice things.

Willie	So happy you decided to stay, sis.

Kat	Me too.

Lou	Let's take this to the bar, Daisy's buying.

Daisy	Why me?

Tina	Cause you got kidnapped.

Tina	Rookie move.

Lou	Don't worry, kid, I'll take you under my wing.

Tina	Oh, now I'm really worried.

Willie	Shot gun! Don't worry, there's some kitty litter back there.

Soeur	It's important that you avoid stress and sudden facial movements, your sutures need time to heal.

New man	Understood sister, no smiling.

Soeur	Well, the next bus should be here shortly.

New man	How do I look?

Sœur	Very--

Soeur	Handsome.

Sœur	A new man.

New man	Can you even tell I had work done?

Soeur	--May I help you cross?

New man	You've already done too much.

New man	I think it's time for me to face the world as a new man.





Another WolfCop
Text File


