NIGEL	Hello and welcome Thomas fans! To another wonderful day on Sodor!

NIGEL	And welcome too to my good friend Stan! 

NIGEL	What are we looking at today Stan?

STAN	Well Nigel, we’ll be looking at a small selection of the accidents and near crashes that happen on the railway, here on Sodor.

NIGEL 	Exciting stuff! You know it always amazes me Stan, how so many things can go wrong on such a small railway

STAN 	Well, it maybe a small railway Nigel, but it has many engines. It’s like the saying you know ‘too many cooks in the kitchen spoil the broth!’

NIGEL	And of course too many engines in the kitchen won’t be making an omelette without breaking some eggs.

NIGEL	Do you like Omelettes Stan?

STAN 	No.

NIGEL	Me either! Let’s get back to the show and look at some of these exciting highlights, shall we?

STAN	Yes, well, here is Hiro working hard as usual, totally unaware that he’s picked up some extra cargo in the form of giant a globe.

NIGEL	Doesn’t look happy does he Stan? You could almost say, he looks like he has the weight of the world on his Shoulders.

NIGEL	Oh and the globe has smacked straight into the signal box Stan!

NIGEL	And there’s young Simon the signalman scared out of his wits. Eric and Sylvie's youngest Stan, lovely lad.

STAN	As I suspected the ball is rolling along the mainline heading for trouble.

NIGEL	You don’t know Eric and Sylvie Stan?

STAN	It’s stopped right in front of the tunnel and here comes someone. It looks like James,Nigel!

NIGEL	Oh My! James has bumped that globe with his head. It’s out of the this world!!!!

STAN	Well here Nigel we can see our two favourite engines pushing a long line of freight cars, but if we pause the picture for a second, can you tell me what is wrong with this set up?

NIGEL	They’re er...er...er... I don’t know...er.... don’t tell me, don’t tell me, don’t tell me!

STAN	No, gotta speed you up, no sorry...The engines are at the top of a hill, with no engine or brake van at the front to slow them down.

NIGEL	I said not to tell me! 

NIGEL	Oh! And there they go! What’s going to happen next? Well I think we all know what’s going to happen - they’re going to have an crash

STAN	They’re gonna have a crash...

NIGEL	Yes And poor Stephen will have to move quickly to get away from this runaway train! And look at Stephen go! That’s why they call him the rocket Stan! Kapow! 

STAN	But now we turn our attention back to James, the number  red engine on the railway.

NIGEL	Yes now James likes to boast about looking the most splendid doesn’t he? But he does like to messy from time to time. And let’s have a look, see what happens here.

STAN	Oh and he’s approaching that puddle! Oh!

STAN	Oh!

NIGEL	Strike , yep!

STAN	Oh!

STAN	Poor James doesn’t know what to do!

STAN	Well actually Nigel, I think...

NIGEL	In my eyes Stan, it would be an uneventful world. So as long as noone gets hurt let’s keep those crashes coming ey? Crash bang Wallop! What a picture! What a photograph!

NIGEL	Goodbye.

	
2.




.

