NIGEL	WELCOME THOMAS FANS! To yet another wonderful day on Sodor!
NIGEL	What are we going to be looking at today Stan?
STAN	Well Nigel, we’ll be taking a look at some of the unique vehicles that play an important role in the running of the railway.
NIGEL	Great idea Stan, it’s so easy to over look those characters that aren’t engines.
STAN	Exactly!
NIGEL	The supporting cast!
STAN	Yes indeed.
NIGEL	The forgotten few!
STAN	Ah.
NIGEL	The poor lost souls!
STAN	Err, not really! (Beat) I’m talking about key characters like Kevin the crane, Harold the helicopter, Captain the Lifeboat. Vehicles who are all Really Useful in their own way. Are you crying Nigel?
NIGEL	No...run VT!
STAN	Let’s start with the biggest of them all shall we? The mighty Cranky the Crane!

NIGEL	Yes! Cranky the Crane! Such an important role Stan, helping to lift and load all those heavy goods from the ships, into the engines freight.
STAN	He may not always be the happiest crane on Sodor, but he has earned the respect of all around him.

NIGEL	Well if it’s a happy crane you’re looking for Stan let’s stop by the Steamworks to see young Kevin.

STAN	Oh indeed, Kevin, the little yellow crane who works tirelessly with Victor helping to fix the steam engines of Sodor.

STAN	Oh indeed, Kevin, the little yellow crane who works tirelessly with Victor helping to fix the steam engines of Sodor.

NIGEL	Not the safest pair of hands Stan, you wouldn’t want to put him in goal would you, he’s constantly dropping things! (Mimicking Kevin) “Sorry Boss!” Oh he does make me laugh though.

STAN	Well he’s a little too eager sometimes, but he means well.

NIGEL	Whoops! There he goes again Stan! Comedy Gold!

STAN	Now the Sodor Search and Rescue Team are often kept busy Nigel

STAN	One of the most Really Useful vehicles is none other than Harold the Helicopter.

NIGEL	Yes the eye in the Sky Stan. He can see for miles and miles. He’s incredibly Useful!

STAN	And watching the waters below is none other than Captain the Lifeboat. 

NIGEL	Ahoy there!
NIGEL	Butch by name, Butch by nature. He really is very strong isn't he, and gets into all those areas that railway engines can’t!

STAN	That’s right Nigel, from lifting heavy machinery to getting engines out of trouble, he’s a great friend to have in a tight spot.

NIGEL	You’re so right there Stan. Whether these vehicles are up in the air or on the ground, they are all such good friends aren’t they.

STAN	Indeed and it’s that special bond and friendship, that helps make a winning team.

NIGEL	And talking of friends Stan, there is one character we haven’t mentioned yet and that’s Thomas’ friend and racing partner, Bertie the Bus!

STAN	Well yes when the passengers are dropped off at the stations by Thomas, they still need to be taken on further, to shops and other amenities.

NIGEL	Yes like the bingo, or the cinema, to see a nice film maybe?

STAN	Well that’s where Bertie comes in. To get them to and from the stations.

NIGEL	Another example of marvellous teamwork, Stan. It’s like 5me and you, like Bangers and Mash, like a knife and fork.


1.

.

